Richard Dysart died at home in Santa Monica.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was ejected from the game after he threw a pitch to Jeff Samardzija.
The general was a loyalist paramilitarist who died in Northern Ireland. He is being sued for his role in the murder of Patrick Heenan, an Irishman killed by loyalists during the Troubles.
EasyJet has seen a 19 per cent increase with 245 delays in the first four months of this year compared to 206 last year. The EUClaim report said: ‘There are two main reasons for the poor start to the year. Firstly the winter weather across Europe has been worse than 2014 this particularly affected Jet2, easyJet and Monarch who suffered considerable delays on their routes to Chambery and Grenoble in France.
Apple Watch is a smartwatch that can be used to check email, listen to music and make phone calls. It's also the first smartwatch with an app store. The watch will come in two sizes: 38 millimeters and 42 millimeters, as measured by the height of the watch face.
The beauty from within philosophy is coming to the UK .
The girl who started the fire was not charged with arson, but she will be found guilty of being careless.
Balotelli's Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday night.
This is the most recent identity theft case I've seen. It's a shame that it took this long to get caught, but we're still working on finding more victims.
The plane that crashed into the passenger jet was a Ryanair flight. The winglet on the other plane was not damaged, and both planes were able to continue their journey without any delays.
Taylor Swift's mom has cancer.
Rangers manager Stuart McCall was pleased with his side's performance against Raith Rovers . The Light Blues were the better team in the first half and they will be looking to build on that momentum going into next week's trip to Celtic.
Arsene Wenger's side can win the title with Giroud playing as their main striker . Coquelin (right) believes Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season.
Margaret Gretton is banned from teaching indefinitely. TL;DR: Margaret Gretton is banned from teaching indefinitely. TL;DR: Margaret Gretton has right of appeal to the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court, until 28 days after she was given notice of the order.
Wenger is a great manager, but he's not the best Premier League Manager of the Month .
St Mirren's Jason Naismtih (left) and St Johnstone's Efe Ambrose (right) battle for the ball during Celtic’s 2-0 win over St Mirren on Friday night . The Saints' Craig Gordon was booked in the first half for a foul on Johansen.
The #BringBackOurGirls campaign is a global movement to raise awareness of the plight of children in Nigeria and across Africa.
The Turkish government has blocked access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week. A Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz, who was killed in hospital . The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party - Front (DHKP-C) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Jake Castner is a drug addict who goes into hiding after being caught on camera. He's been in and out of custody for the past five days, but he's still not talking to police.
The BMJ report says that despite election pledges by the Tories and Labour (David Cameron and Ed Miliband are pictured, left to right) to improve access to GPs appointments, these promises are unlikely to be achieved within a parliamentary term. 'The aims and rationale of the policies outlined by the Conservative and Labour parties do not seem explicit,' they said. 'One aim is undoubtedly to win election votes.'
Neto is a Fiorentina target.
Kevin Sinfield is leaving Leeds Rhinos to join Yorkshire Carnegie on a 18-month contract.
Senator Cochran's personal assistant and office manager Fred Pagan has been charged with trafficking drugs from China to use as payment for sexual favors. Police launched an investigation after seizing a package on April 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug GBL addressed to
The trifle pie is a recipe for disaster.
Hulk is a Russian football star who has signed a new long-term deal at Zenit St Petersburg until the end of the 2018-19 season. Hulk's new contract comes at a time when many Russian football clubs are struggling with financial problems because of the low value of ruble, which has lost almost half its value against the dollar in recent months. Top players in Russia are typically paid in dollars or euros, but club budgets are often based on rubles - putting pressure on clubs' finances .
Nicholas Soukeras wants to name his baby Michael after his late father. Kseniya Soukeras is not interested in naming her child Spyridon, and doesn't want to give up the naming rights she has earned over the years.
The photos are a fascinating glimpse into the history of Cleveland's famous Variety Theater .
The shocking details of Kelly-Anne's horrific murder have been revealed. The mother and daughter were found dead in their bedroom on April 16, 1996 . Smith was jailed for life after being convicted of the brutal murders.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is a man who can't be bothered to show up.
The fight was a great one. The winner will face the mandatory challenger for the WBC world super-middleweight title on Saturday night in Chicago, Illinois .
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late and when it got to Wichita Falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. Plane: American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled for an uneventful landing in DFW after an hour of flight (file photo)
Lisa Williams, 49, was found guilty of malicious wounding after a jury at Snaresbrook Crown Court in February. She admitted the attack and said she thought it would be serious but didn't know if it would go on for long.
Tony McCoy will retire as a jockey at Sandown Park today.
Petr Cech is a Chelsea fan and he's not happy with Thibaut Courtois' return to the Blues.
Sterling is a shisha smoker and Ibe is a Fanta drinker.
The BBC's Premier League coverage was a disaster. The FA Cup semi-final was even worse, with the match being played in an empty stadium and Sky not having any of its own cameras on it.
Christine Lillico stole £80,000 from her dying parents to go on shopping sprees.
The boy's mother has shared a video of her son using his chair in a bid to trigger tip offs . The suspect we're looking for has no heart. TL;DR: Anyone with information about the theft is being urged to call police at 301-699-2601 or Crime Solvers at 866-411-TIPS.
The footage shows Karlis Bardelis fall from the cliff face and free fall towards the ground. He said: 'I climbed back to the same place and this time did it right using the same technique.' Some people laugh when they see the video - others say they are not going to sleep after seeing it.
Yannick Bolasie is a player who can change games and it brings unbelievable value to him. It’ll have to be a very, very big fee .
Galbraith is running as an independent for the Kentucky governor's office. He says he'll focus on his namesake, but will also talk about the great Gatewood Galbraith.
Jordan Spieth is back to work this week at the RBC Heritage Classic.
The EU directive on organic fish treatment is 'scientifically illiterate' and could lead to 'serious animal health and welfare detriment'.
Anderson was sent off for a challenge on Neto.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on the eve before Anzac Day commemorations are to take place at the site. The man, from Palm Beach in Brisbane's south, reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at the Shrine of Remembrance in Anzac Square on Friday afternoon. Police told Daily Mail Australia they arrested the 66-year-old for a 'breach of peace' and public nuisance .
The DPS is trying to cover up the fact that Billy Spears was caught taking a picture with Snoop Dogg.
The Greenwoods' holiday at Camping La Chapelle was a great success. The kids club, the swimming pool complex and the beach were all excellent. We would recommend this campsite to anyone looking for a family-friendly place to stay in France's south west .
The head transplant is a science fiction movie. The patient will be the first to get an organ from this procedure. It's not going to happen in 2017, but it could happen next year if funding comes through and the team can get approval for human trials by then.
Dog bites are more common in spring and summer.
The chocolate is made using layers of chocolate on top of each other to create intricate and life like designs. The face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgium chocolates in white and dark chocolate. The £3.99 bars will be available for a limited time only
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are getting married in Dunblane Cathedral. The couple will be joined by their families, friends and the local community. Andy's mother Judy is also expected to attend the ceremony .
Teresa Swarbrick died in a freak accident while snorkelling off the coast of Byron Bay, NSW. She was reportedly caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR .
EU will end milk quotas, but farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down, which will be particularly difficult for smaller family businesses.
Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon was the scene of a surprise 'active shooter' drill that left teacher Linda McLean with post-traumatic fears years later. In fact, she believed for a several moments that she would soon die. Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' Oregon Live reports that McLean is still traumatized by the event.'McLean could not figure out what was going on,' reads the lawsuit.
The case of a British woman allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana took an astonishing twist last week when a court was told that she died of a heroin overdose.
Tony Stark's Iron Man suit is made of a gold-titanium alloy called nitinol. The American Chemical Society in Washington recently explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looked at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield .
The plane crashed shortly after takeoff. The pilot tried to perform an emergency landing, but the plane crashed near the airport. All seven occupants, a pilot and six passengers died in the crash .
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth , plundered a pensioner's life savings. A crooked builder befriended a widowed pensioner so he could fritter away her £28,500 life savings on shopping sprees and lavish meals out. Sean Donohoe was jailed for 21 months after admitting fraud and theft .
The Beatles' Yellow Submarine is the most expensive cel sold in the world.
Gerry Sutcliffe says the Bradford City fire was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham, who died in 1995.
The new royal baby could be clad in eco-friendly biodegradable mull-cloth as opposed to disposable nappies. Pippa Middleton is among those embracing eco-friendly nappies and is said to have invested in £4-a piece mull-cloth nappies for her sister the Duchess of Cambridge ahead of the birth of the new royal baby. Shoppers in Geneva, Switzerland, have reported seeing Pippa buying the nappies, which are made of natural fibres and are popular in Europe.
Ryan Wray is a former Pi Kappa Alpha president who was charged with sexual assault. He's also the current president of USU, which has suspended him for his actions.
Transgender children face a lifetime of struggle.
Manchester United are at their best when Wayne Rooney is in attack.
The USTA says Venus Williams will be replaced by Lauren Davis.
The London West Hollywood hotel suite is a dream come true for those looking to celebrate on the rooftop terrace. The luxury penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel in Los Angeles will be open next month, and it will cost $25,000 (almost £17,000) a night.
The fight broke out at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino in Queens, New York . The brawl was caused by an argument in an enormous line for drinks. Hundreds of patrons hoping for iced daiquiris at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar inside the resort were left with one another when it all went sour.
PSV Eindhoven's Memphis Depay is the best young player in Europe.
Tidal is a way for rich artists to get richer. The rapper's Twitter rant and news of tensions with other tech companies come after a week of bad press for TIDAL . Big guns: Tidal charges users $19.99 a month for its premium music streaming service and aims to take on rivals such as Spotify, Pandora , Apple Music and iTunes .
Sally White rescued a neglected horse from the brink of death.
Lewis Hamilton is getting inside teammate Nico Rosberg’s head as the German bids to win his first World Championship title, according to two time winner Mika Hakkinen.
The campaign is to encourage minorities to register and vote in the general election.
The Curl-crested Jay is a bird that uses its voice to mimic other birds and man-made sounds. The video was uploaded by a Polish blogger who has spent some time volunteering at the Brazilian breeding centre.
The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. As the campaign reaches its climax, both Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed with the race for the Champions League featuring prominently. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguablythe standout games from thisthe live batch.
Agoraphobia is a fear of being in situations where escape might be difficult, or help wouldn't be available if things went wrong.
The Superhero Project is a project that aims to raise awareness of children with special needs and their families. The photos are intended for the general public, but they can be used by professionals in order to help them understand how difficult it can be for these children.
San Fransisco Giants fan beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011 has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season . Bryan Stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game. The father-of-two, who had been a paramedic, was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside.
The study found that sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5 per cent more likely to sell at all.
HIV is a virus that infects the body's immune system. The antibodies used in this study are designed to block HIV from attacking the immune system, and they work by binding to specific proteins on HIV-infected cells. They also have activity against over 80 per cent of strains of HIV, but only after several years of infection.
We had a great time in New York. We loved the food and the people, but we were too busy to do much else. The only thing I regret is that I didn't get to see more of Manhattan - it was so beautiful!
The Huntley High School blended learning program is a great way to get kids involved in the school day. It's also a good way for teachers to keep track of their students' progress and see how much time they spend on assignments.
The 70th anniversary of VE Day is a big deal. The event will be one of the biggest ever and it's going to be huge.
The app is designed to teach people to use their common sense when it comes to eating.
Toni Duggan is a Manchester City fan.
A family was attacked by a gorilla at the Henry Doorly Zoo.
Deep brain stimulation could help treat dementia and Alzheimer's.
Pope Francis says he is praying for the victims of armed conflict, including Christian students killed in Somalia.
The Duchess of Cambridge is pregnant with her second child. The baby will be the Queen's fifth great-grandchild and she will give birth on April 21 or April 29, according to Ladbrokes odds .
The Capital Grille is a great place to meet your political enemies. It’s also a good place to eat.
John Terry has scored seven goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season.
Bayern Munich's David Alaba is out for a month with a torn knee ligament.
The Warriors are the best team in the NBA right now. They're a playoff contender and they've got a chance to win it all this year. The Pelicans have been one of the league's most exciting teams, but they'll need to be more consistent if they want to make an impact on their way into next season .
The woman died in her South Carolina home after sitting for six months and prosecutors are considering charges against the family members.
The baby was found in the disabled toilets at Silcock's Amusement Arcade, on Neville Street, Southport. Police say they have now been able to trace the mother of a newborn baby found in Southport on Thursday 16 April . The mother has since been located and is currently receiving medical treatment.
Rory McIlroy is a legend.
The world's widest tongue is the result of a Guinness World Records book.
The actress is currently undergoing a double mastectomy and reconstruction for breast cancer.
Top Gear is back, but not for long.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are offering their players houses near the sea to cover their salary debts.
The best views of the world are in the sky.
Villa are on a run of four wins in seven games. Sherwood has led Villa to a run of four wins in seven matches ahead of Sunday's semi-final at Wembley .
The Peppelman family is mourning the loss of their beloved husband and wife.
Lewis Hamilton is a bully and he's not the only one.
Rebecca Grant is a Maine woman who was being hauled off to jail for allegedly tearing apart a police cruiser with her teeth. She's charged with violating bail conditions and criminal mischief.
Pharmacy 2U is selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge.
Newcastle are in the relegation zone and will be looking to end their run of four successive defeats against Sunderland .
A young Australian rugby player has died following a freak accident during a match in which he hit his head against an opponent's shoulder. Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday .
The President's Iran diplomacy is already a hot topic, and things could get even more interesting in the week ahead. The White House will be holding its first official press conference on Monday, and it'll be a big one. But there are two other big stories to watch: First, the Robert Menendez indictment -- which has been building for weeks now but was finally handed down last night by New Jersey's top prosecutor -- will have an impact on how much of his campaign he can afford to spend this fall.
The Houthis are now in control of Sanaa, and the Saudi-led coalition is bombing them.
Jörg Düsterwald is a German body painter who has been painting models into the background of various backdrops for over 20 years. He uses his skills in advertising, corporate events and TV marketing campaigns to create stunning images that are difficult to tell apart from their surroundings.
Celtic have a treble of success in 2001, 2003 and 2005.
The gold underwear set is worth around £40,000.
Sarah Stage is pregnant and she's not letting her baby bump get in the way of her career.
Alan Spencer from Withernsea, East Yorkshire, nearly choked to death on a pickled onion. He was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe and he began to feel 'life slipping away' Alan said: ‘I’ve been spoiling them both since with treats but every time I cough now Lexi turns her head quickly.’ The pensioner had been tucking into an early dinner of crispbreads with gherkins and pickled onions when he started to choke last Thursday evening.
The Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) is a terrorist organisation.
The 24-year-old Syrian national is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Islamic State militants. He was arrested in California and charged on Thursday . The criminal complaint said Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.
The latest underground city is the biggest in Cappadocia, and it's located beneath Nevşehir fortress. TL;DR: The latest underground city is the biggest in Cappadocia, and it's located underneath Nevşehir fortress.
Darren Jones collapsed on stage after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.
Ross Barkley is a good lad and has his feet firmly on the ground. He won't get carried away. We have a lot of characters, a lot of experienced heads in the dressing room and there is no better place to be for him.'
Aldi is the biggest supermarket in Britain. It’s a big deal because it has more than 5,000 stores and can afford to spend £1bn on its expansion plans.
The White House doubled down today on President Barack Obama's Earth Day message that climate change is 'a problem now' and knocked political figures who disagree with him as climate deniers and opportunists. The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument. And the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science.'The preponderance of scientific evidence...is on ...the side Of course, there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny'that fact because it's inconvenient to their case and it might be inconvenient for someof their strongest political supporters,' Earnest said today .
Chipotle is the first company to use non-GMO ingredients.
Heather Hironimus is suing her son's father for circumcision. She wants to stop the procedure, but she can't get a judge to intervene because state judges haven't ruled on it yet.
Steve Clarke says his Reading side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating Arsenal at Wembley .
Celtic are a small club in a large league. They have to leave for bigger clubs if they want to win the title.
Brooke and Jane are in a polyamorous relationship. They have been together for five years, they share a bed and they're all happy .
England's top three looked constipated and need a good dose of syrup of figs.
The Australian Defence Force is working on a new security plan for Anzac Day.
Albert Roux is a man who has been married to Cheryl Roux for eight years. He's also had dinner with Ljiljana Pavicevic, an American divorcee in her 60s whom he dated before his marriage to Cheryl.
The survey revealed that women regret their career choices more than men.
The first lady is planning to perform a routine with the contestants of So You Think You Can Dance . The White House Easter Egg Roll will be held on Sunday, April 22nd at 10:30am. It's expected that there will be about 1,000 people in attendance for the event.
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening after he was injured previously . QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday night after he was injured previously . Sherwood is confident his players can bounce back from their recent struggles.
Adult coloring books are a growing trend.
The suspects are still on the loose.
Pippa Middleton is a fashion icon, but she's also an inspiration for all those who want to get fit and stay healthy. Pippa has previously revealed how she sticks to 'wholesome carbs' and protein such as chicken and fish when preparing for sporting events . A columnist for Waitrose magazine , Pippa is currently bouncing back after it emerged last month that a planned deal for her to join US television channel NBC as a special correspondent had gone sour.
The fashion show at Phoenix Keating was a strong, punk-inspired showcase of the latest trends in fashion. The collection featured fishnet and leather jackets, tight pants and high waisted trousers - all with an oriental influence .
The Whitingtons' journey to change their lives.
Debbie Kane, from Manchester, has lost her right eye to cancer. She says: 'I want to warn other women of the dangers of buying cheap sunglasses.'
English clubs were good at the time but they are now in decline. English teams have lost their competitive edge and that is why we are so bad.
The woman who tricked 15 men into sex and robbed them of their property is now facing trial.
Barcelona's star player is set to play in the Champions League quarter-final against PSG .
Karlie can be seen working on a computer programming project with other students .
The defense team is expected to wrap up quickly next week before the jury delivers a verdict. The prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former New England Patriots football player Aaron Hernandez . The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider, it was reported today. The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox. Bloomberg, followed by the New York Times, reported Thursday afternoon that Comcast is planning to 'walk away' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government.
Natasha Elderfield is accused of murdering her boyfriend Robert Dobinson.
The winner of the BBC's latest series of MasterChef is Simon Wood. He was crowned champion last night after a three-course meal in three hours. The chef, from Oldham, took home £1,000 for his efforts and will be presented with the trophy by Ramsay on Sunday evening at 7pm on BBC One.
The most popular players in the Premier League are:  Mario Balotelli (Chelsea), Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool), Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) and Wayne Rooney (Manchester United). The least popular players are:  Harry Kane, Mohamed Salah, Raheem Sterling and Sergio Aguero.
This is a new craze and we are warning parents. We have received reports of a new craze called 'sleeper' This involves children completely covering the mouth and noses of younger children until they completely pass out. Manchester's city centre chief councillor Pat Karney (pictured) has said the craze must be stopped 'before we have a tragedy on our hands'.
Buy a few tins of paint and you can make your home look as good as those on The Block.
Retrograde amnesia is a temporary condition that can last from a few seconds to a few hours. It's not something you should worry about, but it's worth knowing if you're worried about your memory.
The man who knocked the elderly man to the ground has been identified as a manager called Terry. He was released this morning pending further inquiries.
Francis Coquelin is determined to take his chance at Arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira. The Frenchman has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at Championship side Charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. Vieira was captain during Arsenal's trophy laden beginning to Arsene Wenger's reign and Coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend.
15 DIY style hacks to make your 2014 wardrobe up to date.
Yorkshire v Worcestershire, Yorkshire v Worcestershire, Yorkshire v Worcestershire
The IRS is now targeting conservative groups with a new form of political profiling. The tea party groups suing the government are hoping to use this as an opportunity to get their side of the story out there, and they're not going away anytime soon.
Southampton left-back Ryan Bertrand has been one of the standout performers for Southampton, where he moved permanently earlier in the year. The 25-year-old has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at St Mary's, yet struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received.
Debbie Jevans is a footballing legend. She was the first woman to be appointed as CEO of England Rugby 2015 and she has been at it for over 20 years. The Football League awards — the best football dinner in the calendar by a distance — showed this year there is a way back for some football offenders .
Elizabeth Sedway's cancer fight is over. She was on a plane to Hawaii, and she got an apology from Alaska Airlines for the inconvenience of her ordeal.
The girl was raped by five men from her village in India. Her family told her to keep quiet about the attack. The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns (file image)
Harry and Charlie are now 11, while their younger brother is nine.
Michael Phelps is back in the water.
Ed Balls was left stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in Leeds. Asked what seven times six equals, Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause . Mr Balls said: 'The answer… the answer is 42' , before adding: 'It's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions so that's the last one I'm going to answer.'
The greyhounds were dumped in Bundaberg. Police are investigating the cause of death and will be speaking to witnesses.
The world's tallest suspension bridge is in Switzerland. 6. Tianjin Suspension Bridge - China . The longest suspension bridge in the world, it spans over 1,000m (3,890ft) and has a height of 2km (1.2mi).
Arsenal are still in the same position as they were last season, but have a better chance of winning the title.
Real Madrid are the favourites to win La Liga, while Barcelona and Real Sociedad are on the back of a difficult run of fixtures.
I think Biggs is right to say that we are living in a society which has become more insecure, but she's wrong about the way it's organised. It isn't just the bosses who have been getting richer and richer - it's also those workers who have been losing out. The 'Workfare' scheme was designed for people on Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA) to help them gain an understanding of work, while at the same time making a contribution to society: 'I've often wondered what (he) would think of how we think about work now.'
A daredevil climber known as the "French Spiderman" has scaled the world's tallest twisted skyscraper without a safety harness. French climber Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist , for assistance. Hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75 storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees .
Rob Ford has been diagnosed with a cancerous tumor in his abdomen. He hopes to return to work as a councillor in September, he said .
Wigan's win over Wakefield was a good one, but they were made to work hard by struggling Wigan.
Daphne Selfe is the world's oldest supermodel.
Chelsea star Hazard is a big reason why Chelsea are top of the table.
The USS Oklahoma sank in 1941, but the remains of some of its crew members are still unidentified. The Navy is working to identify them and return them to their families.
Wanderers' win over Norwich was a massive boost for the Canaries and they will be looking to build on that momentum in the next few weeks.
Emirates has a long history of sponsoring football and cricket. The airline's sponsorship deals with the likes of Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona are all well-known in the sport world. Emirates' partnership with Manchester United is also well-known as they have been involved in several major events over recent years including their involvement at last year's Champions League Final .
England captain Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Marine Le Pen is a far-right politician who has been accused of anti-Semitism. She's also the daughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen, founder and leader of the National Front .
Palace chairman Steve Parish has revealed he wants to bring in extra investment so the club can improve their Selhurst Park home. The Premier League side, who beat champions Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night, have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris - an American businessman who already owns the Philadelphia 76ers NBA team and the NHL outfit the New Jersey Devils. But Parish, who has been at Palace since he and his consortium saved the club from the brink of financial collapse in 2010, has since insisted he would remain involved and that investment rather than a complete takeover was his preferred option.
The Trussell Trust's claim that it served a million hungry people in a year is false. The number of food parcels handed out was 1,084,604. TL;DR: The Trussell Trust has admitted that the figure for its users is likely to be no more than half a million .
England Cricket Board chairman Colin Graves is in the frame to take up the role of England cricket director.
Andy Murray and his wife Amelie Mauresmo are expecting their first child together.
Dortmund are in desperate need of a new manager .
Pardew is not looking to jump ship.
The Championship is a tough league to get into, but it's also one of the most exciting leagues in Europe.
Manheim Borough Police Chief Joseph Stauffer says the couple's 1923 Model T Ford convertible skidded off the roadway and flipped over. Manheim Borough Police Chief Joseph Stauffer tells Lancaster Online that the vehicle left the road, flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch. It was not immediately known who was driving or if they had worn seat belts.
Dave Tyler's backyard observatory is a must see for anyone who loves the sun.
Randy's prank turned a tearful turn this year . Randy, an attorney, told Daily Mail Online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day. Porter and her younger sister Reagan Johnston , aged three, filled there grandfather’s office with dozens of stuffed animals and dolls so his desk was barely visible .
The shooting in Milwaukee is believed to have been carried out by a man who was angry at the child's death. Police say that they are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident.
Kevin Pietersen is a red-ball cricketer. He's not the best, but he's certainly one of the most entertaining.
The lar gibbon is a primate in the gibbon family. They are strictly monogamous mammals and form strong family ties, as demonstrated by Brian, who has fathered a number of young – three of which still live at the park – with Sooty.
Polish resistance fighters killed Jews in Auschwitz.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas has decided to change up his romance strategy by putting an ad on the side of his pickup truck after not finding love online. Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, posted a sign on his truck that reads 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?'
The Czech Republic is a country that has been in the middle of a political crisis since President Zeman's decision to attend the Victory Day parade. The president was criticised by his own government for not being able to control his emotions, and he will be under attack from both sides of the Atlantic.
The Al Rayyan Stadium is a 40,000-seater stadium in Qatar. It will host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 FIFA World Cup . The new stadium has been designed by UK architecture firm Ramboll and Pattern.
Secret Service agent arrested in DC after allegedly breaking into house at midnight. Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody by the Metropolitan Police on Friday morning, and is being held without bail. He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
Cathay Pacific cancels flight to Hong Kong after one of its pilots is arrested.
The name is dying out in the UK, but it’s still a popular name for boys.
Michelle O'Clee's ex-husband Andrew O’Clee (left) was caught out when he was tagged in a video on Facebook with his new wife Philippa Campbell (right). The couple married in August 2013 at St John the Baptist church in Kirdford, West Sussex. Michelle said: ‘I knew Myleene would be able to help me,’ she added.
David Seaman says this save against Sheffield United was the best one he ever made.
Clattenburg will be assisted by five Englishmen.
Dermatographia is a type of urticaria, or hives. Dermatographia is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell. Histamine are chemicals released in the body as part of an allergic reaction, causing itching and rash after friction such as rubbing or stroking.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says that Nathaniel Clyne may not sign a new contract with the club. The midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury, but Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract. Interest from Arsenal was rejected by Southampton last summer and Koeman says that this transfer window will be more testing for an player with ambitions to play in Europe .
The boat sank in the Mediterranean Sea after colliding with a Portuguese cargo ship. The survivors are being held on suspicion of manslaughter and have been charged with murder.
Manuel Pellegrini is a failure.
The Malik family are believed to have fled their Berkshire home with their four young children in a bid to escape from Syria. Asif Malik, 31, and Sara Kiran, 29 were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month. Thames Valley Police believe they arrived in Calais , France , before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria .
The former stockbroker's wife and daughter are worth an estimated £3billion.
The Lib Dems are a bunch of fat, ugly women who wear the same clothes as their husbands. They’re not going to win this election.
Inter Milan's players are training on Sunday.
Huntsman's husband found the bodies in her garage, and she told police that she would take them to a local hospital. She was arrested after he found the first body - but it wasn't until last year when West discovered another baby corpse buried under a pile of garbage. The mother-of-two is now serving six consecutive sentences for murder .
A man was allegedly attacked by a driver who was inside the house at the time of the crash. The driver, a 20-year-old Grovedale man, is under police guard in Geelong Hospital and is yet to be questioned. A woman and her daughter were also injured after their car crashed into an adjacent home .
Pietersen's England recall is a good idea, but he needs to be given the chance to prove himself.
The moon and Earth are similar in composition because the first Mars-sized object, Theia, actually had a similar composition to Earth.
Gabriel Agbonlahor is ready to return to first-team action sooner rather than later .
Kentucky man arrested after horse rider was found under the influence.
The cheapest tickets are going for $4,600.
Police used force against a family in Melbourne.
The father has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to his two-year-old daughter. The father is estranged from the two year old's mother and she has made it very clear that she does not support his actions. He is reportedly estranged from the two year old's mother and her family, who do not agree with him over how he treats their child .
The Welsh government's 'reducing the risk of cot death' leaflet, which offers similar advice to the NHS in England, says parents should not share a bed with a young baby if they ‘feel very tired’ and take drugs or drink. But coroner Mark Layton said: "The advice is that it is not wrong to share a bed with your baby – but you should refrain from doing so if you are "excessively tired"."
Adam Deacon is a film director, actor and writer. He has appeared in films like Anuvahood, Ali G Indahouse and Kidulthood.
The Green Party are the most likely to travel on long haul holidays, and UKIP supporters are the least inclined to take a romantic break with their partner.
David Cameron is threatening the integrity of the UK with games he's playing. And I think Conservatives are now ashamed of what he is doing.' Mr Miliband said: 'I'm not going to be a part of any coalition with anybody who has got representation in parliament, and that includes Nicola Sturgeon's party.
Labour will introduce a new legal right to ‘granny leave’ to allow working grandparents to take time off for childcare. The party's deputy leader Harriet Harman (pictured) said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order for their children, or those with legal responsibility, access the leave . More than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back home after maternity leave, and two-thirds of grandparents with grandchildren aged under 16 provide some childcare.
Amal Clooney is the most stylish woman in the world.
Debbie Jevans, the former England Rugby 2015 chief executive whose falling out with the RFU led to her walking out on her job — six months before the World Cup — has made her first public appearance since that Twickenham storm. She attended Thursday’s Football League board meeting in her role as an independent director and played a full part in the discussions. Debbie Jevans (left) is one of three directors who have been appointed by Football League chairman Richard Scudamore to oversee its governance after it was announced he would step down from his position at Wembley Stadium .
Sir Stirling Moss is the only driver to have won more than 200 races in a single season.
The new royal baby is a girl.
The Vatican has never linked the resignation of a Chilean bishop to mishandling abuse cases. The pope's commission is investigating whether Barros should be removed from his post as head of child protection in Chile, where he was appointed by Pope Francis last year.
Lionel Messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama . The Argentine maestro celebrates his goal against Sevilla, his 399th for Barcelona . 'I am happy.
The NBA is hosting its first-ever game in Africa.
Nigel Farage's Ukip is on course to lose its own seat in Kent.
Dayna says she wants to inspire people with disabilities by dancing. 'I want people to think before they judge me and not just look at me as a person who has cerebral palsy,' she said . 'People are going to see that I'm doing something positive, so it's important for them to know that.'
The BTP has been working hard to ensure that the public are safe and well informed about what is going on in London.
Amy Hughes is a super fit athlete who has run 53 marathons in 53 days. She's also cycling with Dave Keighley, and she's been training for the London Marathon since last year . Amy will be taking on the challenge of running this year but will also be running the 220-mile journey from her hometown Oswestry to London ahead of the big day .
Rita Ora is a fashion icon and has been working with adidas Originals for the past two years. She's also an actress, model and singer.
The world's resources are stretched by overpopulation, but de Grey says we can extend our lives through technology. 'We have to stop thinking about longevity and start thinking about health,' he says. 'If you think of the human body as a car, then ageing is a disease that can and should be cured.'
Ouyang admitted to poisoning two students' water bottles. She's been charged with felony poisonings and is facing up to 8 years in prison if convicted.
Rotherham have been fined £30,000 and will be suspended for the rest of the season. They are now one point above relegation with two games left to play. Rotherham's situation is set-up by a Football League fine and suspension after fielding an ineligible player in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday .
Iran is not in favor of the deal.
Southwest Airlines is giving a special birthday gift to Mazzy's wheelchair-bound daughter.
The fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao is going to be a big one.
Watch this video to see the aftermath of a sandstorm in Belarus.
Luke Shambrook was found alive after he went missing from the Candlebark Campground near Lake Eildon on Friday . He suffered from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother Rachel (pictured left) His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss on Tuesday. The family are very happy to be reunited.
James Ward-Prowse is a talented young midfielder who has been given the chance to prove himself at Southampton. He will be one of the first players to make his mark on England U21s and he could well become an instant star.
A Florida bus passenger was arrested for throwing a Snickers bar at the driver's head after threatening him and being disruptive during the ride, according to police. Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When the driver declined that offering , Parker threw candy bars at his head instead of asking for one .
The film is based on the real-life story of a 14-year-old girl who was abducted and raped by two men in Ethiopia. The makers have denied using her name or likeness without her consent, but Miss Bekele believes it could put her and family at risk of reprisals.
Joe Giudice is a convicted felon who has been in prison for over two years. He was sentenced to 41 months on the fraud charge and will serve 18-months concurrently to his federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud. Joe's wife Teresa, who is serving her 15-month sentence, will be released from jail when she completes her probation .
Joanna Flynn, a former Georgian Bay General Hospital nurse who was charged with manslaughter in the death of her patient, has been released from custody.
The Education Minister jacked up Today Show newsreader Sylvia Jeffrey's car after being tested by host Karl Stefanovic. He was labelled with the new nickname 'The Fixer' this week when he announced that he had backtracked on his controversial decision to cut 1700 research jobs. The former education minister was asked about it during a radio interview and said: 'I'm happy to be regarded as The Fixer, I do fix things, I fix a lot of things around the house.'
The Brown family is suing the city of Ferguson for wrongful death. The lawsuit will be filed Thursday, and it's expected to name Darren Wilson as a defendant. Attorneys for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson . Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in August 2014. Wilson resigned in November .
Chelsea's Chelsea quartet celebrate the Songkran festival with the traditional activity of throwing water at each other . The Blues foursome took part in the Thai activity with a game of kick-ups at their Cobham training base. The Songkran festival, which started on Monday and finishes on Wednesday, is celebrated by Thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other.
The referee blew on 24 minutes and the home side had twelve players on the pitch. The substitute was not aware he had been substituted midway through the first half.
The Sydney Airport line was closed for the second time in a week on Wednesday after flooding caused major delays. The NSW SES said it had received more than 2000 calls for help since Monday morning, and that about 80 sets of traffic lights were still out across the city. A number of main roads remain closed due to flooding .
Tony Degrafreed was charged with murder for allegedly beating to death his wife, Rebecca. He's been in prison since 2014.
Crystal Palace's Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick against Sunderland to help them beat the struggling Premier League side .
The world's fastest man is set to attempt the record for an hour.
Ben Flower is a dirty player.
The animals were found in a filthy mobile home owned by an animal hoarder who was banned from keeping pets. The dogs and cats are being cared for by the sheriff's office, but it is not known if they will be put to sleep or euthanized.
The man who has won the Ryder Cup, the Masters and a PGA Championship is ready to take on Tiger Woods.
Erik Compton is a golfer who's been through the rough. He's had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead.
The new Masters champion is a man of few words. He's not going to be here for the next two weeks, but he will be there when it comes back in October.
Lucy Mecklenburgh is the face of Sunkissed, a new tanning brand that promises to give you 'a little bit of everything' . The 23-year-old beauty has been busy filming her latest fitness DVD in the hope of helping kickstart a new 'summer body' fitness regime. And Lucy is certainly a postergirl for the healthy lifestyle she preaches, admitting that working out has become an essential part of her daily life.
Child support payments are now calculated on the basis of a parent's income.
Google is looking to build a mobile network that would be free for all customers. The company has already announced plans to launch its own mobile network in the UK, Ireland and Italy. Google's vice president Sundar Pichai (pictured) confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February .
Mary Cowan was a teacher who made her fortune by teaching children from poorer backgrounds. She left a large chunk of her estate to charity groups, including George Watson's College in Edinburgh where famous faces such as Sir Chris Hoy and rugby legend Gavin Hastings were taught.
The Foreign Office has turned its back on Phil Blackwood.
Evans is a good player and should be given more chances on the tour. 'She has had a card before and lost it,' Hearn said.
Nicky Morgan is the only senior Tory minister defending a marginal seat, in Loughborough. She has been promoted to Cabinet from Treasury after being elected as Education Secretary last year. The former education secretary said she would not be willing to sit around the Cabinet table with Ukip: 'I can give you the answer which is that we are not talking about anything but a majority government.'
Anthony Martinez is a gay high school junior who's been dating his straight guy pal Jacob Lescenski for the past few months. He's also an openly-gay high school senior, and he was recently asked to prom by his friend Jacob Lescenski . The pair are seen together in this photo posted on Facebook:
Mark Selby is the new world champion.
Nigel Farage says he wants to work with David Cameron to stop a Labour government.
Tony Abbott is a beer drinker.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator, as the government prepares the village to become a new tourist stop . The town has been abandoned for almost 100 years. The tiny Montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later.
Bobbi Kristina Brown's mother, Whitney Houston, has died. Her father Bobby Brown is in a coma. Bobbi Kristina Brown's grandmother Cissy Houston says she remains unresponsive and that her daughter will live for years to come.
The discovery of a bronze and leather buckle dating to around A.D. 600 in the Rising Whale site at Cape Espenberg, Alaska is an important step towards understanding how early humans first arrived on the North American continent . The discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle (left) dating to around A.D. 600 . Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers instead believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia .
The British jihadi who killed American journalist James Foley is a former prison guard. He was also accused of trying to join al-Shabaab in 2009 when he flew to Tanzania and then Somalia, where he joined ISIS.
The Russian Defence Ministry unveiled a new men's clothing brand called The Army of Russia. It is named after the Red Army, which defeated Hitler and the Nazis in World War II. 'Polite' is a phrase used by Russians to justify their takeover of Crimea last year.
The Western Downs Regional Council has apologised to Clint Gee for the mistake.
Mark Selby beats Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open on Sunday. Mark Selby celebrates after beating Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open on Sunday . Mark Selby celebrates after defeating Gary Wilson 10-2 in a showpiece final at Beijing's Olympic Stadium.
Wawrinka's performance was a disaster.
Police officers are allowed to park in bus stands.
The supermarket giant has encouraged its staff to get fit by dancing and running on the spot in store amid concerns about overweight checkout workers putting off customers. The supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes  in a post on its staff website. Industry insiders have said that the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers .
Craig Roberts, 36, was told by Post Office staff in Chadderton that he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served. He said: 'I was left feeling angry and shocked. It is unacceptable that I should be made to feel like I had done something wrong by going to the Post Office with my guide dog.'
The SNP are not interested in a 'union' with England, they want to break up the UK. The Tories would be worse than that - they'd be a disaster for the whole of Britain.
The mansion is a lavish, opulent backdrop to the show Empire . It's also one of the most expensive homes in Chicago. The house was built by Lucious Lyon and his family for $15.9 million in 2008, but it took five years to build it and cost more than $20 million when finished.
Newcastle are in trouble.
How to make a zipped shirt.
Google's latest tool can't lock the missing phone, or erase its data. Users will need to install the Android Device Manager (ADM) app if they want these features.
The driver was left hanging out to dry after he failed to check the height of his lorry.
Atmel's new microcontrollers are powered by chip maker ARM's Cortex M0+ 32-bit processors. Atmel said its MCUs extend 'battery life from years to decades, reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices such as fire alarms, healthcare, medical, wearable and devices placed in rural areas.' Apple boss Tim Cook said at the launch event last month that the Watch will last 18 hours but this only includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use and a 30-minute workout with music . Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook (pictured) uses 30% less energy than previous models .
Nigel Farage has a problem with race. He's not racist, he just doesn't like what modern Britain is.
Wigan Warriors' Michael McIlorum is tackled by Salford Red Devils's Liam Hood . Wigan Warriors' Tony Clubb is tackled by Salford Red Devils's Josh Griffin .
England's Test squad for the first Test in Antigua and Barbuda is: James Anderson, Stuart Broad, Mark Wood (captain), Chris Jordan, Ben Stokes (wk), Liam Plunkett.
The amoeba is not a fish. It's a deadly brain-eating organism that can kill you in minutes. Source:  http://www.peoplesvoiceonline.com/news/2012/05/29...
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach after four years in the role.
The priest allegedly took part in gay sex with a Swiss Guard. The priest reportedly had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave.
Valencia are in the Champions League, but they're not playing well enough to make it.
Hillary Clinton is the barometer by which we measure gender equality in the United States. Win or lose, this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder.
James Robarge, 45, of Vermont was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge . He will serve 30 years to life in prison.
The Texas Department of Motor Vehicles has banned a license plate that reads 'I [heart] BOOBS'.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has denied there is a crisis at Anfield .
Kevin Pietersen is no longer a great player. He’s not even a good enough one to play in the Ashes series.
The boat that sank in the Mediterranean Sea has been found to be carrying more than 1,000 migrants. The dead include at least one child and two women who were rescued by a Greek coastguard ship.
QPR are hoping to get a boost in the relegation fight with Leroy Fer back.
England's bowlers were too slow to get the West Indies out of trouble.
Iniesta is back, but not in the best form.
Colin Graves has made a mess of it.
The mother of a schoolboy who killed himself after being bullied has spoken out about the bullying she faced.
The twins were buried in a pink coffin and their family and friends released doves and pink and white balloons at their funeral. Faith Howie was born with the rare condition known as disrosopus, which means she shares the same body but has two faces . Their parents, Simon Howie (left) Renee Young (right) died 19 days after they were born on May 8 last year.
The town council is still in the loop on the three blocks at Readymoney Cove, Caffa Mill and Town Quay. The town council has been working with Cornwall Council to finalise details of how they will be run. TL;DR: The Town Quay toilets are already owned by Cornwall Council but leased to Cornwall Council so it's possible that work could start this week or next month.
ISIS has been defeated in Iraq and Syria.
The Royal Family's decision to use private health services is a good one. But it could be argued that the NHS has been more successful in delivering babies than the Royal Family, and there are still many women who would prefer to have their baby delivered by an NHS hospital.
Tennessee has been trying to get a new execution date for the last four inmates on its death row. The state's Supreme Court is delaying executions until it can find out if lethal injection drugs are available or if they're unconstitutional.
William Smith hanged himself after his mother died.
The earthquake destroyed the most famous Hindu temples in Nepal, but there are no reports of damage to other structures.
The home is now on the market for £1.5million .
Patricia Ebel is facing charges of DUI and driving with a .15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car. She was arrested on Friday after crashing her black BMW into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida.
Ralph Body was fired for being too nice.
Kevin Blandford's trip to Puerto Rico was a nightmare. He didn't have fun, he looked miserable and his wife couldn’t come with him .
The Italian government is investigating the death of a former al Qaeda hostage.
Cheika is a big fan of the Wallabies and will use his influence to ensure they are ready for the World Cup .
The Secret Service agent who was with Hillary on the trip to Iowa is now a member of her campaign . The two vans were hand washed by hand. The Scooby vans had made the 1,000 miles drive back from Iowa since Hillary flew home commercial last week . SPARKLING: The secret of keeping the Scooby fleet immaculate is regular washing .
Sharky Jama is a model turned jihadist who was managed by FRM Management and lived in Melbourne . He reportedly fled to Syria with his friend, former La Trobe University student Yusuf Yusuf. The father of Sharky's cousin said the family had been told he died after being shot.
The video is a great way to explain the process of creating a baby.
The Falklands War was a disaster for the British Empire. The Argentinians invaded and took control of the islands in 1982, killing more than 260 people. They have never been returned to us since then, but we are still fighting them every day over oil and gas rights on our territory.
The couple's two daughters testified that their father had been a violent man, and they said he was obsessed with his wife. The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning. The couple's two daughters both testified for the prosecution.
Stefania La Greca is running for the Lega Sud Ausoni party in Campania. She has posted several pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis and she says they were not intended to be a political statement but rather an attempt to get votes . The photos have gone viral ahead of the regional elections, which are due on May 25th.
The new Airbus A380 cabin is one of the most luxurious in the sky. The luxury surroundings: The Airbus 380 cabin is one of the quietest and most spacious in the sky . TL;DR: The new Airbus A380 cabin is one of the most luxurious in
The Prime Minister has called on people to 'feel proud to say this is a Christian country'.
The Clinton Foundation is a non-profit organization that has been around since the late 1990s. It was founded by Bill and Hillary Clinton in 1997 to help people with disabilities, but it's now used as an excuse for their political donations . The foundation has received more than $1 billion from foreign governments over the years, according to its tax filings.
Kevin Franklin, a conman who stole £400,000 from his victim's pension fund and used it to marry his new wife in the Italian Alps.
The execution of Mohammad Qamaruzzaman is a clear violation of international law.
Max Verschuuren is a keen hunter, and he's been hunting all his life. He was shot in the back of his shoulder blade on Saturday night . The bullet entered through the left side of his chest, but it didn't penetrate deeply enough to cause any serious injury.
The Rapa Nui people carved the statues into position, and then walked them into place. The researchers illustrated the theory by creating a five-tonne replica of one of the statues and moving it into an upright position on a dirt path in Hawaii. With just a few ropes, a team of 18 people could rock the statue back and forth, each time inching it on just a little bit more.
Liverpool will face Hull City in the FA Cup semi-final.
The Duchess of Cambridge is a fashion icon.
The video shows a man catching a shark in New Zealand. The man is filmed by Emil Fogh, who stands just centimetres away from the shark he's captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in New Zealand to the point it has become a competitive sport. One of the men stands at the water's edge with a fishing line in his hands and waves lapping at his feet when suddenly he launches forward, dragged by this great weight of this creature which has attached itself to his fishing line .
Paul Armstrong, 26, of Sunderland was sentenced to eight months imprisonment with £2k costs for bringing a stun gun and two offensive weapons into the UK from Cyprus in his luggage.
A Shetland pony has been battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack. The five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in Boxley, near Gillingham, Kent, had no option but to put the distressed pony down. Police believe Taffee was battered round the head with a breeze block sometime between 11pm on Tuesday night and 9am on Wednesday morning.
Gomez has committed his future to Fiorentina by insisting he is keen to stay at the Viola . Gomez, pictured against Tottenham, left Bayern Munich to join Fiorentina for over £17million in July 2013 . 'I came Fiorentina to win, I have a goal that I have not yet reached.'
Man was allegedly bashed by family with glass bottles and windscreen wipers at a McDonald's drive-through after he waved at them thinking they were his friends. Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin. The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, told the NT News he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
The mother of a rape victim has been left with post-traumatic stress disorder after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison, following a conviction for raping her. Brutally raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life, Gemma Redhead believed she ordeal was over after his attacker was jailed. But as she attempted to rebuild her life, the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack – from the man who carried it out.
Jennifer Saunders is set to reunite with her former co-stars from Absolutely Fabulous for a film.
Brian Williams is a liar, and he's been lying for years. He has lied about everything from the Iraq war to his own personal life. The investigation into him will be interesting, but it won't change anything in terms of what NBC News does with its anchor Brian Williams .
The Model T is an icon, but with a top speed of 45mph - if going downhill with a following wind - drivers cannot get anywhere very fast . Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Ford's famous Model T. Despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old, the businessman, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one every week , including to the TV and film industry who have used then in shows such as Downton Abbey. Mr Tuckett says his customers love the ModelT because they don't require road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car ,with each one selling for around £10k
Periscope is a new app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio online. It's not clear whether or not it will be given a similar screening system, but there are already reports of harassment and bullying on the platform. And while Periscope does enable users to hide their location once they begin broadcasting - many users admit they didn't think to disable the feature before starting their video stream.
A teacher in New Hampshire has been accused of posing as a young girl on a social media site and persuading an elementary school student to share inappropriate images of herself. Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact.
The University of Florida chapter at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia has been suspended from the fraternity. The university's president said: 'We are deeply saddened by this incident and our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims' families.'
A man in India swallowed hundreds of coins and nails, bolts and magnets. He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.
The U.S., Britain, France and Russia are all parties to the Iran nuclear talks - but they're not in a position to veto sanctions . The U.N.'s Security Council is expected to vote on whether or not Iran can resume its uranium enrichment program at any time after June 30, when it will be able to restart production of weapons-grade material for the first time since 1979. But that's where things get complicated: If one country objects, then another could take up arms against Tehran if it feels threatened by what has happened so far .
Jamie Silvonek is charged with murder and conspiracy to commit homicide. She's in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates. The teen was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates .
Rod Blagojevich is serving a 14-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution Englewood near Denver. The photos, the first of Blagojevich in prison, were first published by the National Enquirer. The photos show the former governor sitting at a desk, reading a book and wearing glasses and sitting outside in shorts and a wife beater shirt.
South Africa is a safe haven for immigrants.
How to get more followers on Instagram.
Harry Redknapp is right. Sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract .
Derby were the better team in this game, but Brentford deserved to win.
The Warriors are the best team in the NBA. The Clippers are a good team, but they're not as good as them.
Louis van Gaal is a man with a plan. He has delivered Manchester United back into the Champions League and he will continue to do so for another three years.
Jan Oblak is a fantastic goalkeeper who has been bought by Atletico Madrid for good.
Dustin Irons is a convicted sex offender who has been in prison for over two years. He was sentenced to 30 days in jail, but the judge decided to add an extra 30 days on his sentence. The sheriff's office said they were 'saddened' by the incident and that it would be investigated further .
Christian Trousedale is a teenager who has been doing something that many people would consider 'ordinary' and he's received praise from all over the world.
ISIS has been able to take over large areas of Iraq and Syria. The battle against the group is expected to last for months, with many casualties on both sides.
The French don't need to bathe so much, that's what perfume is for, oui? Lagerfeld perfume, naturally . This is me promoting Opel cars.
Molly Parks died of a heroin overdose in the bathroom of her pizza restaurant. Her family has written an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs .
The play will open in London on June 1, less than three years since the late comedian's depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary. Scroll down for video .
Darren Bent has revealed Aston Villa are ‘100 per cent’ correct to sack Paul Lambert.
Mandy Fortuna died of Botox overdose.
Eden Hazard is the best player in the world.
The SNP are the most popular party in Scotland, but they're not going to be part of a coalition with Labour. The Lib Dems are the least popular party in England and Wales.
The winner of the Nigerian elections is a man who has been in power for more than 30 years. He promised to fight corruption, but he also promised to make Nigeria rich again. The people have had enough and they are tired of being treated like slaves by their rulers.
England captain Andrew Strauss is a front-runner to become director of England Cricket.
The best way to lose weight is to eat a healthy diet and exercise.
Nasa has selected companies to work on advanced space technologies, including a faster method of propulsion known as Vasimr. The company is working with Nasa to develop the engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days (illustrated).
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has successfully tested a vehicle that will take tourists into space. The test took place from the company's West Texas Launch Site. Called New Shepard, the vehicle consists of a main booster rocket and a six-seater capsule on top, standing 60ft (18 metres) tall.
Real Madrid are the favourites to win the Champions League for a second consecutive season.
The procession of penitents in Zamora, Spain is a stunning display of devotion to the cross and faith. The procession has been met with an overwhelming response from the faithful .
West Brom's Harry Kane is the PFA Player of the Year for this season. The Baggies midfielder has picked Tottenham striker Kane for the top award while Chelsea wideman Hazard is Mulumbu's pick for young player of the year . West Brom defender Hugo Lloris was given his nod in goal, Southampton defenders Nathaniel Clyne and Jose Fonte joined Terry and Azpilicueta at midfield while Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie and Arsenal frontman Alexis Sanchez made up Mulumbu's XI alongside Kane.
Celtic will win the Scottish Premiership title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10 – if both teams win all their games beforehand. The Parkhead side face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear. And winning their subsequent games – with Aberdeen doing likewise – could see Ronny Deila’s team win their fourth successive championship in the north east.
Jeremy Clarkson is back on TV after being sacked from BBC for allegedly assaulting a producer in the now infamous row over a steak supper in Yorkshire hotel. He was due to make his TV comeback as guest host of BBC1's Have I Got News for You on April 23 but he pulled out of the show two weeks before it was due to be filmed.
The couple split up in 1983 after a year of marriage.
The family were on holiday when they fell off a cliff. The boy was found dead in the middle of the cliffs.
The American doctor who helped save lives on Everest has described the heartbreaking moment her mountain guide died before her eyes.
Ronaldo was booked for diving in the area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by Antonio Amaya . The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday — along with Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez, who were also booked — but Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
The Messenger spacecraft has been orbiting Mercury for four years and is now about to crash into the planet's surface. The mission will end on April 30, but it will be a long time before we can see what happens next.
The dress is available on Tesco's website for £80.
The Prudhams are planning to fly to the U.S. in March for the two-week 'no-expense spared' break .
The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. The school tweeted out a statement saying the 'decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression.' That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was 'a mistake' to call off the screening.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, took his own life in Texas on Thursday morning. He was found with a gunshot wound to the head . The family of Everybody Loves Raymond actor Sawyer Sweeten are said to be in 'absolute shock' at the child star taking his own life because he exhibited no suicidal warning signs, his manager said.
Eat a healthy diet and exercise regularly.
The legend of El Chupacabra likely originates from a 1995 case in Puerto Rico where 8 sheep were found dead with puncture wounds. It has been described as hairless, or as having spines along its back, and as having blue or red eyes .
Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and has put forward a five-point plan he thinks will work wonders. The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population. Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight .
Ryanair has banned alcohol from its flights to Ibiza.
The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines. The FBI said in February that a DNA sample -- understood to be from a severed finger -- taken from a man killed in a raid in the southern Philippines showed a link with another known relative of Marwan. But the FBI now says tests have confirmed that he was not Marwan and is dead .
The wedding day was so full of blunders that all 11 guests wrote a separate letter of complaint to Manchester Register Office, which is based at Heron House in the city centre.
Badgers are protected by law and people shouldn't be interfering with badgers or setts.  This incident is really unusual and surprising, given the time at which it happened.  But badgers are pretty headstrong. I suspect he was searching for an easy source of food."
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, who vanished in 1979. The case has been a source of national controversy since the boy's disappearance and his body was never found.
I was sexually harassed by a man in the train compartment. I did not report it to anyone, and I still don't.
The actress is a "very, very smart person."
Mayweather and Pacquiao are the two biggest earners in the top 10 pay-per-view bouts . The fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao is set to be one of the most lucrative events ever.
Suma is a middle-aged orangutan who suffers from arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 when keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements . X-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis which includes her hips and ankles .
The Australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless, new evidence shows. Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind .
Flakka is a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts.
Obama calls for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay, lesbian and transgender youth.
The post was deleted after the outrage.
A man was arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase at a Utah airport. The events occurred during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. The chase then started on a public road near Salt Lake City International Airport on Monday at 3am .
Ted says he was put on hold for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself is because of his wife's death.
The video shows the moment a van carrying football fans starts weaving from side to side on a busy road. The video shows the moment the packed vehicle starts to swerve from side-to-side on what appears to be a dual carriageway. One of the back doors is left open and the van is seen veering across both lanes of this road .
The DOJ is investigating the disciplinary process following the allegations of sexual misconduct. The memo said: 'The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the Department, not simply because it invites extortion, blackmail, and leaks of sensitive or classified information.'
Suge Knight is accused of killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Sloan. The rapper was arrested on January 18 after a confrontation with two men outside a Compton burger stand . He has pleaded not guilty to all charges, including murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run.
Sharista Giles woke up from a coma and is now pregnant.
Fenerbahce's bus was attacked by a group of people who were trying to attack the team. The attackers then fired shots at the bus, which caused it to crash into a wall and burst into flames . Fenerbahce have suspended football in Turkey until further notice.
Newcastle are the division's most out-of-form side, scoring just one goal in their last five games.
Leigh Griffiths is a biscuit addict.
Game of Thrones is about to get even more shocking.
Keurig Green Mountain has made $4.7 billion in revenue, and 1/3 of homes in the US reportedly feature single-serve coffee machines . Science: Keurig employees are seen with coffee equipment at the company's offices . At one point in the interview, Spencer posed the question 'So where is Keurig now in making these things recyclable?'
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti faces a midfield selection dilemma ahead of Wednesday's La Liga match across town at Rayo Vallecano.
The system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again. Make no mistake, sacking Paul Downton does not mean some magic wand has been waved and all will be well. There are deep systemic problems.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office is investigating the shooting of a man who was allegedly shot by a reserve deputy. The suspect, who has been identified as Eric Harris, had reportedly been selling drugs and guns to undercover deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a nearby dollar store. Police say he fled when deputies tried to arrest him .
The researchers found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of mid-infrared radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars. However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case .
The rocker is a 'person of interest' in the investigation into criminal threats.
The mother of a 16-year-old girl who allegedly played naked Twister with her mother during a drunken party has jumped to her mom's defense on social media. The teen took to Twitter days after Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home. The mom-of-five, who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce , also allegedly had sex with a 18 year old man in the bathroom during the party and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters and later awoke to find a 16 year old having sex with her .
Plant trees, shrubs, climbers and hedges to attract wildlife.
The Super Slide at the Sydney Royal Easter Show was closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous. Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night, despite the slide being closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous. It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make this particular slide particularly slippery .
Britt McHenry is a bully. And she's not alone."
The California lawsuit is seeking to protect doctors from liability if they prescribe lethal medications to patients who are both terminally ill and mentally competent.
Police say Gray was handcuffed and put in a police van when he ran away from officers. Police have not explained how or when his spine was injured.
The Chancellor is campaigning with the Tory candidate for Brentford and Isleworth to get more first time buyers on the housing ladder.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle .
Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes is the first travel brand to offer a virtual holiday experience for the new breed of digital traveller. 'The way we live and the way we travel have been significantly changed by the role of digital platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram,' says Martin Müller, director of Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes. 'The rapid rise of 'social swaggering' has led us to take this bold step into creating a brand new travel concept catering to all our customers.'
Stuart McCall has a message for Bilel Mohsni as he insists Rangers will need cool heads to get promoted.
The man who died in a swimming pool at a swingers' party has been named as a father-of-three. Edmund Echukwu collapsed in the water and was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called . The house is owned by Richard Stanley, pictured with his partner Janet Harrison, 58.
The Villa defence will be looking to stop Raheem Sterling and Nathan Baker .
This is the best thing you can do for your dog.
The Anzac brand is banned from using the word Anzac in Australia.
John Goodwin shot himself in New Hampshire.
The Washington University of rowing team was attacked by a swarm of Asian carp.
The man who took the picture was a season ticket holder at Liverpool and he is not Muslim.
Asian hornets are a threat to honeybees in France.
City are desperate to keep hold of their star man.
The Yoaks say their aircraft was a 'celebration of our nation's armed forces' .
The campaign is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
Russian aircraft are flying close to UK shores in the English Channel. The Russian navy anti-submarine ship Severomorsk which is being monitored through the English Channel with a tanker and a support ship (file picture)
Stephen Munden is a paedophile who has been locked up for years. He's now on the run after being caught in Hampshire.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell has captured the surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand.
The Capitol Hill gyrocopter was a stunt.
Veronica Gonzalez was killed in a fiery crash on I-30. Her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez was injured and is now in hospital with life threatening injuries. The couple were returning from their engagement party when they stopped to help a group of people who had been hit by an 18 wheeler truck .
Klopp is the best manager in Germany. He's got a great personality and he has a good relationship with his players. I think he would be an excellent choice for Manchester City, but it will take time to get him here.'
The Boston Marathon bombing trial is over. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts against him, and he will be sentenced to death.
Sea Shepherd's Bob Barker has rescued 40 crew members from the sinking ship. The conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by Thunder in December . Sea Shepherd claims that Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea . Frank Lampard (right) celebrates with the home fans after beating Stoke 3-0 on their most recent visit to Stamford Bridge. Adding to that in Saturday's 5.30pm clash at the stadium certainly looks a tall order - leaders Chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season.
A tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her. The Cincinnati Enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday .
Karmel is a mum of three and has been working with children's health for over 20 years. She believes that the best way to help kids is by giving them healthy food, not just in terms of what they eat but also how they are fed. 'I think it’s important to give your child a balanced diet because if you don't feed them well then their body will go into starvation mode,' she says.
Walter Scott's mother Judy arrives for his funeral, escorted to the left by a member of the US Coastguard. Protest: Rev Al Sharpton led a tribute at the spot where Walter Scott died and called for fundamental change to policing to stop more deaths . The complaint states that Groubert 'did without justification unlawfully shoot Levar Jones which produced great bodily injury or was likely to cause great bodily injury.'
The Exorcist Chronicles is a film about demonic possession and the Vatican. It's not bondage or porn, but it's definitely sordid.
Five people died in a freak accident while diving for abalone off the coast of Northern California. The three men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco. Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone, an uncommon delicacy that is prized as a delicacy (stock image)
The government is investigating Wagner's Poultry Farm for animal cruelty. The farm has been inspected by the Department of Primary Industries and a veterinary practitioner to ensure that it meets all regulatory requirements.
ISIS has been killing Yazidi women and children in the Sinjar area for months. The peshmerga have taken back control of the town, but ISIS is still holding large numbers of civilians there.
Manchester Recorder Philip Cattan was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quigley. A judge who fell asleep while a child abuse victim gave evidence and caused the trial to collapse has been reprimanded by his bosses . The part-time judge, Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court last summer.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh is recovering well after a car crash last summer.
If you're stung by a jellyfish, don't be afraid to tell the Marine Conservation Society of your sighting.
Adam Johnson is a Sunderland fan. He's not a Sunderland fan, but he's still an England supporter.
The Prince of Wales and the Princess of Wales were once served 'traditional, English food' by their nanny. William was supposedly fond of cottage pie and peas, poached chicken and rice and fish cakes as children while both princes were fondly fond of 'quintessentially British comfort food' . TL;DR: The Prince Of Wales And The Princess Of Wales Were Once Served 'Traditional, English Food' By Their Nanny.
Mark Hamill's autograph is for sale at the "Star Wars" Celebration in Los Angeles.
The kid is growing up quickly and healthy.
Stoke City's Charlie Adam scored the best goal of his career at Stamford Bridge.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right.
Jennifer Lopez's curves are so sexy that they make you want to get a pair of those. The singer/actress shows off toned arms at the Annual Academy Awards in February . Elie Saab Haute Couture gold gown .
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from the charity match against Manchester United because of an ankle injury. Didier Drogba has withdrawn from the charity match against Manchester United because of an ankle injury.
The dragon is a mythical creature that was slain by St George. The cloud dragon is a fire breathing monster that breathes fire in the sky.
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Florida's Panama City Beach.
The search area will be expanded to cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis. May 2015 . The DCA announces that it has found a piece of wreckage in the Indian Ocean, but says there is no sign of MH370's remains.
Luke Shambrook is missing from the Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon, north-east of Melbourne. He was last seen leaving his campsite at 9.30am on Good Friday . Luke went missing from the Candlebark Campground in the Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon, north-east of Melbourne , on Friday .
World News Tonight is now the #1 news program in the US.
The plant produces paraxylene, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics. It is the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months . The first was in 2007 when residents of Xiamen protested against its construction.
Leicester are a team that has been in the relegation zone for five months now. They have scored two or more goals in four of their last five games, and they have won three of those matches. The club is still struggling to get back into the Premier League, but it looks like they will be able to do so this season – if not sooner.
Campbell became the country's first female prime minister in 1993.
Scooter's Coffee, Omaha, has been hacked by a hacker who used the Facebook page to post pornography. Scooter's Coffee said that they have now restored their Facebook page and apologise for any inconvenience caused.
The best cuts of meat are the ones that have a good marbling and a strong flavour. The cut you choose will depend on your preference, but here's what to look out for:
The storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few days.
Inside Views is a series of photos that capture the essence of what people do when they're alone, in places where they're surrounded by millions of other people.
The grandfather who found his mother's photograph has been left in shock after being told it was a photo of his mother.
Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI after being criticised by the inquiry into doping scandal.
Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester has been fined £3,500 for stealing money from the school fund.
The EU's border agency Frontex has said that only 5,000 refugees who survive the perilous journey will be granted safe haven in Europe and the rest will be sent back. The UNHCR says it is working with Italy to find a solution for those who have been rescued . But an emergency meeting of EU leaders in Brussels today will announce that only 5,000 refugees who survive the perilous journey can stay here.
Nicola Sturgeon is a liar. She's lying about the SNP being in favour of welfare changes since 2010, and she's lying about her plans to get Scotland out of the EU . TL;DR: Nicola Sturgeon is a liar.
Burnley are a mess. They have been in the relegation zone for three months and they need to get out of it. The only way is up, but how?
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on Saturday. The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig. Fener said on their official website they were 'saddened' by what happened and that they would not tolerate any kind of violence against football fans or players, adding: 'We will never allow such a thing to happen again.'
Nick Clegg is lying about the Lib Dems being 'politicised' over Smith.
The couple was sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park when they were killed. The driver of the SUV lost control and crashed through a fence, killing both Avilez and Carlos.
Maggie Doyne is a mother of three who has been working with children in Nepal for 10 years. She's also the founder and CEO of BlinkNow Foundation, which provides support to Nepalese refugees in Surkhet, Nepal.
The couple had been dating for around three years before they split. RELATED ARTICLES Previous
The Beatles played at Candlestick Park in 1966. The stadium was torn down after the 1989 World Series, and the last appearance of a band there came not from an athlete, but a musician.
Raul Castro, former governor of Arizona died at age 98. He was a self-made man who overcame poverty and discrimination to graduate from college, launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy. During his career he served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Randy Lerner is a big fan of Villa and will be at the final.
Ronnie Carroll died on April 9, aged 80. He was the only Briton to compete two years running in Eurovision.
The case is about whether the embryos are alive.
Kelsi Langley is not the victim of a domestic violence case. She was falsely accused by her boyfriend, and she recanted her story after being arrested.’
Officer Michael Rapiejko was shot and killed by a suspect who had been on the run for two days. The officer's wife, Jennifer, told KOLD that she is 'devastated' by what happened. She said: 'I'm devastated because I know he would have done anything to protect his family.'
Chelsea's academy is a breeding ground for talent. The club has been able to attract players from all over the world, but it is not just about Chelsea’s youth team. It also includes players who have played in the Premier League and European competitions, including Manchester United’s Wayne Rooney (right), Arsenal’s Alexis Sanchez (left) and Liverpool's Mohamed Salah .
The fire is still smouldering.
French coach driver was forced to perform U-turn on River Dart in Dartmouth, Devon.
