Richard Dysart, who played the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick, long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law," has died at 86 after a long illness. He was nominated for an Emmy four times and won in 1992 for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series as founder of the firm McKenzie, Brackman Chaney Kuzak .
A baseball match between the Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox descended into a mass brawl after Yordano Ventura picked up a ground ball but instead of throwing it to first for the out, he appeared to stop for a moment and stare at the pitcher. Umpires ejected five players from both teams after the fight in Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois . Several punches were thrown and Ventura was sent off along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain (pictured) and Edinson Volquez
Retired general is being sued over a murder in Northern Ireland more than 40 years ago. He was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time of the murder, but he's still being named as co-defendant because he used agents when they knew, or should have known, that they would take part in criminal actions.
EasyJet charged customers £10 for a letter confirming their flight was cancelled. The Association of European Airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged. However, a spokesman for easyJet defended the airline’s position, saying: ‘The administration charge for the letter is applied because each letter has to be individually researched and created for each passenger.’
Apple Watch is a smartwatch designed and developed by Apple Inc. It runs on the watchOS platform, which is based on iOS. The device's interface uses a radial menu system where apps are arranged in circular icons that can be accessed with the Digital Crown or touch screen. The watch face itself has three sections: one for notifications, one for apps and another to access other features such as contacts or fitness tracking .
Drink this tonic to cleanse your system and get clear skin.
A 16-year-old girl who started a fire which killed firefighter Stephen Hunt has had the charge against her dropped after it was found she only acted 'carelessly' and not with intent.
Balotelli is a bit of a dick.
72-year-old woman has been living under 74 different aliases in LA. She's a master con artist and identity thief, but she got caught when she was pulled over for speeding. Police found out that the house where she lives is leased under another false name, so they started investigating her further.
A bus crashed into a plane at Tashkent Airport in Uzbekistan. The collision was so severe that the windscreen of the bus shattered, and it is unknown if anyone was injured.
Taylor Swift's mom has cancer.
Rangers 4 Raith 0
Henry says Giroud is not good enough, Coquelin says Henry is wrong.
Teacher called an Asian job applicant 'Taliban' and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. She also referred to special needs pupils as 'roadkill'.
Arsene Wenger is a great manager, but Jose Mourinho has the edge in this one.
Celtic 2, St Mirren 0.
The Nigerian government is not doing enough to protect children, UNICEF said. "The abduction of the Chibok girls and other attacks on schools are war crimes," Fontaine said. "They must be investigated as such."
Turkey has blocked access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week. A British national, of Polish origin but who has not been named, was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C), according to reports. A Foreign Office spokeswoman said this morning: 'I can confirm that a British national has been arrested in Turkey and that we are offering consular assistance.'
19-year-old drug addict and convicted thief Jake Castner is taunting police on Facebook as he spends his fifth day on the run. He boasted about 'bud for cash' and an image of him smoking a glass pipe. On Sunday, he said: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
The Tories and Labour have promised to improve access to GPs appointments, but the evidence behind their pledges is lacking. The NHS should evaluate new types of appointment that have been proposed to increase GP capacity, such as consultations and triage by phone or online. It should also consider other types of staff who could take on some of the work of GPs .
Liverpool are in for Neto, but he's also wanted by PSG and clubs in Spain.
Sinfield is a rugby union convert. He's going to play for Yorkshire Carnegie next season.
A Senator's personal assistant has been charged with trafficking drugs from China to use as payment for sexual favors. Police launched an investigation after seizing a package on April 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug GBL addressed to Fred Pagan, office manager and personal assistant to Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS). Raiding his home on Thursday, they uncovered 181.5 grams of meth.
It's a shepherd's pie trifle.
Hulk is a superhero.
Couple can't agree on baby name. Husband asks for help from the general public. Wife is not amused .
The Variety Theater was a rock venue in Cleveland, Ohio. It hosted the biggest bands of the time before being closed down after Motorhead's 1984 gig caused plaster to fall on audience members. The building has been abandoned for 30 years but there are plans to restore it and turn it into a live music venue once more .
A girl was murdered by her abusive boyfriend. Her parents were too afraid to intervene because they didn't want to push their daughter away from them, so they did nothing and let the abuse continue until it was too late.
Mayweather was late, Pacquiao will be on time.
Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on Friday night to win the WBC super-middleweight title. He will now fight George Groves for the belt.
The pilot attempted to activate the lights, but he couldn't do so. He didn't land on the shorter runway because he was a pussy and wanted to go home.
Neighbours at war. One family smears mud on the windows of the other, and then a fight breaks out between two men from each family. The bigger man wins, straddles his opponent and is about to kill him when Lisa Williams comes out with a hammer and hits him three times in the head before being stopped by another neighbour who pulls it away from her.
Tony McCoy, the greatest jockey of all time, retires after a career spanning 25 years. He has won more than 4,300 races and been champion jockey for 20 years. His final two rides were at Sandown Park in front of 18000 fans .
Petr Cech is a musical genius.
Sterling and Ibe were pictured holding shisha pipes in a London cafe. Rodgers has spoken to them both about their responsibilities as role models for the club, but they have not been fined. Sterling was also caught inhaling nitrous oxide last weekend, but he is expected to play against Aston Villa on Sunday.
The BBC's coverage of the FA Cup semi-final was a throwback to the days when football on TV meant something. Sky Sports' match analysis, meanwhile, was as slick and professional as ever.
She stole from her parents to buy shit.
A thief stole a 4-year-old boy's wheelchair in the middle of the night. Police are asking for help finding him.
Climber falls off cliff, survives.
Yannick Bolasie is a very good player, and Crystal Palace are going to make sure he stays that way.
Kentucky man legally changes his name to Gatewood Galbraith after local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes.
Jordan Spieth is back to work this week at the RBC Heritage Classic after two days celebrating his victory at Augusta National and being showered with attention. Spieth arrived at Sea Pines Resort late Tuesday night after a media whirlwind in New York since tying Tiger Woods' Masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket. The 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours.
EU rules demand that organic fish farmers use homeopathic remedies as their first port of call when treating ill fish, which has been criticised by British and Norwegian vets.
Anderson shoved a player off the ball, his opponent retaliated with an elbow and Anderson was sent off. His team-mate then swore at fans and got himself sent off too.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on the eve before Anzac Day commemoration services are to take place at the site. The man, from Palm Beach in Brisbane's south, reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at the Shrine of Remembrance in Anzac Square on Friday afternoon. Police told Daily Mail Australia they arrested the 66-year-old for a 'breach of the peace' at around 1pm.
Snoop Dogg is a criminal and DPS doesn't like it when you pose for pictures with him.
Eurocamp's mobile homes are a great way to enjoy family holidays in France.
A doctor wants to transplant a human head onto another body. He says he has the science and funding, but many in the medical community say it's impossible.
A baby girl was mauled by a dog while her parents were working in the fields. She is now in critical condition and will need plastic surgery to repair her face.
Chocolate Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg and David Cameron are on sale in the UK.
Andy Murray is getting married to his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane Cathedral. The couple have been together for nine years and are expecting their first child this year. Andy's mother Judy has arrived at the cathedral, as well as tennis player Jamie Delgado and former British No 1 Tim Henman .
Husband of woman who drowned in a 'freak' snorkelling accident posts heartbreaking tribute to her on Facebook.
The EU has scrapped milk quotas, which means farmers can produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty. This is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland and Germany who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK. As a result, we're likely see price wars over the cost of milk - bringing down the price for consumers but also driving down prices paid by supermarkets for British farmers.
A teacher was traumatized by a surprise active shooter drill that administrators held in 2013. She is suing her school district for reparations.
Pastor Adusah's defense lawyer claims that his wife was a heroin addict and her whole family were addicted to the drug. The pastor's brother says this is an outrageous lie, and that she never touched drugs. Her family are now desperately seeking answers as they try to piece together fragments of information.
Tony Stark is a genius.
Two Britons may be among seven people who were killed when a light aircraft crashed in the Dominican Republic today. The Foreign Office is looking into reports that two British citizens were among the six passengers on the small plane which crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island. The accident is believed to have happened at about 8.15am in  the east of  the island when  the single-engine Piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off .
He befriended an elderly woman, took over her finances and spent all of her money on himself. He even changed the will to make him the beneficiary.
The Beatles' Yellow Submarine is a psychedelic cartoon that was released in 1968. It features the eponymous submarine from the film, which The Beatles travel to Pepperland to save it from the Blue Meanies. A rare cel of this cartoon will be sold at auction on Thursday for £10,000 ($13,500).
The Bradford fire was an accident. The Popplewell Inquiry found that the fire started when a spectator dropped a cigarette into rubbish under the stand, which had been allowed to accumulate there by Heginbotham. Fletcher's book does not make any direct allegations but he says Heginbotham's history with fires warranted further investigation and questions whether it is possible for someone to be as unlucky as him in this regard.
Don't buy a Moses basket, just use the one you have.
Guy gropes passed out girl, gets caught and arrested. Guy is a former fraternity president who was supposed to keep women safe at parties. Guy's frat suspends him after arrest but then also ceases operations so they can't kick him out or do anything else about it.
A boy who was born a girl, but knew he was really a boy from the age of three. He is now set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty and stop him developing into a woman.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Wayne Rooney is the key to Manchester United's success.
Sharapova and Williams have both pulled out of their respective Fed Cup ties this weekend. Sharapova has been forced to pull out of Russia's semi-final against Germany in Sochi with a leg injury, the Russian Tennis Federation said on Tuesday. 'I was really looking forward to playing in Sochi and taking part in the Fed Cup,' the world No 2 said.
Vivienne Westwood has designed a hotel suite in LA that costs $25,000 per night.
Two women started fighting in line for drinks, and it escalated into a huge brawl.
21-year-old winger who has been compared to Cristiano Ronaldo and Arjen Robben. Has scored 23 goals in the Eredivisie this season, including a hatful of screamers. PSV want £20m for him but Liverpool hope they can convince him that he would get more regular football at Anfield than Old Trafford.
Jay Z bought Tidal for $56 million in January and relaunched it on March 30. He is now defending the service against claims that it's a flop .
Horse was skinny and malnourished, but now it's a star.
Nico Rosberg is a sore loser.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register for the General Election.
A bird in Brazil was recorded making incredible sounds that wouldn’t be out of place on a video game. The Curl-crested Jay, which resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre, is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds. With the ever-growing presence of human’s in their natural habitats, the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song .
The Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. As the campaign reaches its climax, both Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed with Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 being arguably two of the standout games from a live batch. The TV schedule for Sunday, May 24 will be announced at a later date.
Agoraphobic woman falls down manhole, gets trapped and has to wait an hour for paramedics. She's now worried she'll never leave her house again.
This photographer is taking pictures of disabled children as superheroes, and they're awesome.
Two men jumped a paramedic and beat him until he fell to the ground. They continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic. Several of the most serious blows landed on his head causing life-changing injuries .
If you want to sell something quickly, set your price at a round number. If you're willing to wait for the best offer, pick an odd one.
Scientists have developed a new antibody that can block the HIV virus from infecting human blood cells. The breakthrough could lead to an HIV vaccine and better treatments for sufferers of the disease.
Samia Ghadie and Sylvain Longchambon enjoyed a four-day break in New York, including a cruise on the Hudson River. They stayed at the JW Marriott Essex House hotel where they were met by butlers who took away their shoes for shining. Samia recommends shopping at BCBG Max Azria and Century 21 for bargains, while Sylvain worked out in the gym during his stay .
It's a good idea.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at the event.
She lost weight by listening to an app that hypnotizes you into eating less.
Toni Duggan is on the #RoadToCanada, supported by Continental Tyres. She's a Manchester City player and an England international footballer who has been playing for her country since 2012. She was born in Liverpool but now lives in Manchester with her partner and their dog, Alfie.
Gorilla smashes window, internet loves it.
DBS is a surgical procedure that has become an established NHS treatment for Parkinson's sufferers whose condition does not respond to drugs. Tests on lab mice showed improved memory within just 24 hours, while the rodents' life-spans were unaffected. Now the new research, published in the journal eLife, has discovered it could also be used to enhance growth of brain cells which relieves harmful effects of dementia related conditions and improves short and long term memory.
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' and act over the killings of Christians around the globe, during his Easter Monday address. Speaking to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square, he asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world for Christians persecuted because of their faith - but stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken. The Pope has been increasingly vocal about violence against Christians being targeted by Islamic extremists in parts of Africa and Asia .
The Duchess of Cambridge's close friend Sam Waley-Cohen won a big race at Aintree on Friday, prompting bookmakers to slash odds on the name 'Sam' being chosen for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child.
House Of Cards is a TV series about the machinations of US politicians. Washington DC is the capital city of America and home to many political institutions, including Congress. The Smithsonian Museum complex in Washington contains 18 museums and galleries, all free to enter.
John Terry has scored seven goals in all competitions this season - more than Radamel Falcao, Danny Welbeck and Roberto Soldado.
Alaba is out for the rest of the season.
The Wizards won the game, but lost their starting point guard in the process. The Raptors were up by 15 points with just over five minutes to play in regulation, and it looked like they would be able to hold on for a win at home. But then Paul Pierce happened .
A woman died after sitting in the same chair for six months. Her caretakers are being investigated for neglect.
A newborn baby girl was found abandoned in an amusement arcade's disabled toilets. The mother has now been found, police have said.
Rory McIlroy is a big fan of Jeff Knox, who played with him in the third round at Augusta last year.
A father and daughter have been recognised by Guinness World Records for having the world's widest tongues. The pair, from Syracuse, New York, both hold records for their tongue widths - 8.6cm and 7.3cm respectively . Byron Schlenker only found out he was a world-beater when he picked up a copy of the Guinness Book of World Records while helping his daughter with a school project at the library .
Rita Wilson was diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy. She is expected to make a full recovery.
Clarkson will return to the BBC but not on Top Gear - even though bosses still haven't found his replacement. BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw, who has been tasked with finding a new presenter for the show, said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC, despite his very public sacking from Top Gear just last month. Speaking today about the show's future, Ms Shillinglaw insisted there was 'no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC' and that he would return to corporation once he had 'had some time'.
Football club in Ukraine are offering their players houses near the sea to cover wages.
The world's most extreme viewing platforms are in these places: 1. CN Tower, Toronto 2. Pulpit Rock, Forsand, Norway 3.
Benteke is a top player, we don't want to sell our best players, he's made no indication that he wants to play elsewhere. If he does then we will assess the situation but we want to keep him at the club. You can't force any player, I've been one myself.
A couple was found dead in their home Tuesday afternoon by one of their sons. The bodies were cut with a chainsaw, but only the wife's death is being classified as a homicide at this time.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a podium girl with champagne in China, and some people are upset about it.
Drunk woman arrested for being drunk.  She then tried to head-butt a deputy, scratched the police car's with her teeth, bit the upholstery and' threatened to kill the deputies' .
The chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling NHS patients’ data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of HBOS. A Mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users are being sold to companies that target sick people . Now we can reveal that at its helm is Andy Hornby, who was in charge when it collapsed in 2008.
John Carver says he will use a whip if he has to in a bid to motivate his Newcastle players ahead of Sunday’s Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals and head coach Carver – who was assistant to Alan Pardew during that wretched run – admits that Sunderland wanted victory more than United on those occasions. ‘In the last four games Sunderland have out-worked us - and that's not a good stat to have,’ he said.
A young rugby player has died after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday .
The GOP presidential field is growing, and the scramble for operatives is on.
The Houthis are a Shiite group that has been fighting the government for years. They have taken over large parts of Yemen, including Sanaa, and forced President Hadi to flee the country. The Saudis see them as an Iranian proxy force in their backyard and fear they will destabilize Saudi Arabia's southern border with Yemen.
Camouflage is a form of visual deception in which the aim is to blend into the background. It differs from mimicry in that camouflage does not necessarily have an evolutionary advantage, but rather provides a survival benefit by reducing visibility.
Boyd wants to see more backroom staff inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Gold is expensive.
Sarah Stage is a fit and healthy model who has been posting sexy pregnancy selfies for the past nine months. She gave birth to her son James Hunter on April 14th, 2015 at 8lbs 7oz. Her critics were wrong about her baby's size - he was born at a normal weight of eight pounds seven ounces .
Man chokes on pickled onion, dog jumps on his back and dislodges it.
A Kurdish girl is being tried for terrorism because she wanted to fight ISIS.
Syrian national and naturalized US citizen Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, was arrested on Thursday for allegedly lying to federal agents about his involvement with Islamic State militants fighting in Syria. He is accused of making false statements during interviews at the US Embassy in Ankara, Turkey. The Justice Department said Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting or fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any ISIS members .
Builders in Turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of Cappadocia. The area is famous for its stunning rock formations, deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts, which have been carved from volcanic ash rock. The latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens .
Labour candidate faints during live TV debate.
Ross Barkley is a good lad and has his feet firmly on the ground.
Aldi is now bigger than Waitrose.
The president is a climate change denier.
Chipotle is now GMO-free, and the company's co-CEO Steve Ells said 'We'd rather not be a part of that'
A Florida mother who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy.
Reading manager Steve Clarke has challenged his players to make history by getting to the FA Cup final for the first time. Eighty-eight years ago they made it to this stage but Clarke is not content with matching that. ‘It’s not unique history, it’s shared history,’ he said.
Celtic are a big club in a small league.
Adam Lyons is a lucky man.
England’s top order were criticised for their footwork and mindset.
Turkish security guard Cengiz Güven is protecting Australian travellers at Gallipoli.
Albert Roux is a dirty old man.
Women regret their career choices more than men.
The first lady is encouraging children to get active and lead healthier lives. 'I'm excited about the Easter Egg Roll this year because we're going to have a dance party,' she said on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. 'We've been practicing for over a year.'
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening, who has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The 25-year-old Chilean international, on loan from Italian club Napoli, was hurt after scoring the opening goal in Saturday’s 4-1 win at West Bromwich Albion. He will miss his side’s seven remaining matches and is expected to be out for 10 to 12 weeks .
Coloring books are a thing now.
Three black males in a stolen car committed several armed robberies across San Francisco on Friday night. Police tried to stop them, but they fled and struck two pedestrians, killing one of them. The suspects are still at large as of Saturday morning .
Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging today for the second time this week. Despite temperatures in London reaching a toasty 23 degrees, the 31-year-old was seen pounding the pavement on a long run around the city. A fitness fanatic, she's currently preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton  in June .
Punk is back in fashion.
A 63-year-old man was so sick from obesity related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. His sons Anthony and Ian helped him lose 6 stone, overhaul his diet and exercise regime. He is now off medication for the first time in years, has lost 14 stone and is no longer diabetic .
I got badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when I was 15, and bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection. The decision cost me my eye. But I know I’ve been lucky, because through losing my eye, my life was saved.'
Pep Guardiola is responsible for the decline of English clubs in Europe.
Woman lures men into bed, drugs them and robs their homes.
Lionel Messi is the best player in the world, and he has a place at Barcelona until he retires.
Karlie Kloss is a computer science major at NYU and she's giving away free tuition to other girls who want to learn how to code.
Hernandez is accused of shooting Lloyd five times in the chest and back. The prosecution has rested its case, but Hernandez's defense team will not begin presenting their side until Monday.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and  create a mega-size TV and internet provider, it was reported today. The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox. Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion , it was reported today .
Woman stabs boyfriend to death after he catches her cheating.
The MasterChef winner is a single dad of four who has been cooking since he was eight. He served up an octopus starter, pigeon main and lemon posset dessert to the judges. The Savoy Grill's new head chef is Kim Woodward, 34, pictured left with Gordon Ramsay .
Racism, sexism and homophobia are rife in football.
Kids are suffocating each other for fun.
Change the door handles, paint the walls, give kitchen cupboards new colour, clean out wardrobes and de-clutter garage. Put in new carpet and fix up garden. Put in new curtains .
A Polish man has wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter. The mystery man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK, and cannot even recall his own name . A Polish father has wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter.
A man was knocked to the floor by a drunk at Aintree. He then got up and walked off, leaving him lying on the ground as he sniggered uncontrollably from behind his phone. The video has been shared thousands of times online with many people expressing their disgust at what they saw .
Francis Coquelin is determined to take his chance at Arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira. The Frenchman has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at Championship side Charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. Vieira was captain during Arsenal's trophy laden beginning to Arsene Wenger's reign and Coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend.
15 style hacks to update your wardrobe for spring without breaking the bank.
Bresnan is a good bowler, and he wants to play for England again.
The IRS is a corrupt, partisan organization that should be abolished.
Bertrand is a good player, but he's not as good as Clyne.
she was pushed. The Football League awards dinner is the best football event of the year .
She's sick and she needs to get home. "I'm not sure what the protocol is for this situation, but I do know that it was handled poorly," Sedway wrote on Facebook. "... I am a human being with cancer who needed help."
A 14-year-old girl was gang raped by five men in India. She set herself on fire after her family told her to keep quiet about the attack. The accused men have been arrested and she is now recovering in hospital with 70 per cent burns.
The boys' father Howard Davies-Carr uploaded the video to share with their godfather in America. It went viral and now has more views than Taylor Swift, One Direction and Adele.
Phelps is back in the pool, and he's aiming to compete at the 2016 Olympics. Phelps will be competing in Mesa for the first time since last August's Pan Pacific Championships . He isn't sure what to expect, having only recently returned to hard training after an extended retirement following 2012 London Games.
Ed Balls is a bit of an idiot.
55 greyhounds were found dead in a mass grave, and the couple who owned them have been charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
The world's highest bridges are in China, Vietnam and Switzerland.
Arsenal are in a much better position than they were at this stage last season, but still have the same points tally.
Ronaldo is a beast, Messi is still the best and Barcelona are ready to climb the hill.
A book which aims to give the reader much-needed insight into other people's lives (and it certainly does that) seems to me to be spoilt by degenerating into a student newspaper leader.
French Spiderman climbs Dubai's twisted skyscraper without safety harness.
Rob Ford is a cancer survivor.
Wigan Warriors 40 (Joe Burgess 3, Dom Crosby, Matty Smith, Sam Powell tries; George Williams 4 goals) Wakefield Wildcats 22 (Craig Hall 2 tries; Pita Godinet 2 goals). HT: 12-10. Referee: Robert Hicks.
Daphne Selfe, 86, is the world's oldest supermodel and she looks better than most of her younger counterparts.
Eden Hazard is a wizard.
The USS Oklahoma was sunk by torpedoes during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed. Thirty-five crew members were positively identified and buried in the years immediately after the attack, according to Defense Department officials.
Norwich 2-1 Bolton. Dorrans 9, Hooper 90+ .
Emirates are the official sponsor of Arsenal, AC Milan, Real Madrid and a host of other clubs. They also have deals with the Asian Football Confederation and USA Rugby as well as being involved in horse racing.
England's batsmen are in a good place, but the bowlers need to find their rhythm. England 's tour of West Indies is off to a solid start after Alastair Cook and Ian Bell put on an opening stand of 159 at Warner Park in St Kitts .
Marine Le Pen has accused her father of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a raft of controversial comments.  The 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'.  Tensions had escalated last week after Mr Le Pen was quoted as calling France's Spanish-born Prime Minister Manuel Valls 'the immigrant' and defending Philippe Petain, leader .
Puncheon scored a second-half free kick as Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday .
The Trussell Trust is a charity that runs food banks. It claimed it gave out 1,000,000 food parcels in 2013/14. This was widely reported by the media and politicians as '1 million people'.
Alec Stewart is intrigued to hear more about the newly-created role of England cricket director. The Surrey director of cricket insisted his focus is on his role at The Oval and he is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the position, which is to be introduced following the departure of Paul Downton as managing director. Stewart's fellow former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job.
Murray is going to take a break from Mauresmo after Wimbledon and will be working with Jonas Bjorkman.
Klopp is leaving Dortmund at the end of the season.
Pardew is a bit of a knob.
Burton will be promoted with a win at Morecambe if Wycombe fail to win at AFC Wimbledon or Bury lose at Portsmouth. Shrewsbury will be up if they win at home to York, Bury lose and Southend fail to win against Exeter. Stevenage will seal a play-off place if they beat Accrington and both Luton and Newport fail to beat Hartlepool and Dagenham respectively.
A couple in their 70s were killed when their 1923 Model T Ford convertible skidded off the roadway and flipped over. The vehicle had been rebuilt or restored, with new elements. 'There are no indicators of what caused the accident yet,' said Stauffer.
A British photographer has captured incredible solar images from an observatory he built in his back garden. Retired engineer, Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum - when the star is at its most active during its 11 year cycle. The amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near High Wycombe, including sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares .
April Fool's pranks are meant to be a bit of light-hearted fun, intended to trigger smiles of embarrassment. But one grandfather unexpectedly reduced his grandchildren to floods of tears yesterday with his practical joke. Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas , decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds .
Driver hits a child, gets shot and killed. Driver's father says he was likely murdered in revenge for the death of the child .
Kevin Pietersen is back.
Brian the 50-year-old lar gibbon is a celebrity now.
Poland was not responsible for the Holocaust. Poland was a victim of the Nazis, and Poles were killed by them too. The Polish resistance movement saved many Jews from death camps during WW2, and even executed those who denounced Jews to the Nazis.
A single dad in Arkansas has put an ad on the side of his truck after failing to find love online. The advertisement shows his phone number and reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?'
Czech President Milos Zeman has been criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow, marking the Allied win at the Western front in 1945, despite the crisis in Ukraine . In response to criticism from Shapiro, President Zeman said he will no longer welcome him at Prague Castle , and that he is not welcome as perhaps?the only EU head of state.' The Czech prime minister together with Czech lawmakers are siding with American ambassador Schapiro against their president's decision.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, a 40,000-seater ground built in 'the gateway to the desert' and featuring air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans. The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern. Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
Secret Service agent arrested for attempted burglary.
Cathay Pacific flight from London to Hong Kong was delayed for 2 hours because the pilot had knives in his luggage. The captain apologized and said they tried to get another pilot but couldn't. pic.twitter.com/XQZf1KjrvW — Flight (@flightorg) April 15, 2019 Another passenger told CNN that he saw police officers searching a man who appeared to be a Cathay Pacific crew member at the gate before boarding began."I saw them search him with dogs," he said, adding that it took about an hour for passengers on board the plane to be informed of what was happening."They didn't tell us anything until we were already seated," he added, saying there were "a lot" of people waiting outside after being told their flights had been canceled due to technical issues or weather conditions."It's not like you can just go home and sleep somewhere else so I think most people stayed overnight in Heathrow airport," one passenger tweeted . "The airline provided accommodation at hotels near Heathrow Airport as well as meals and transport services between hotel / airport during our stay there last night (Sunday)," Cathay Pacific wrote on Twitter Monday morning , adding: "We sincerely apologize again for this incident which caused inconvenience & discomfort yesterday evening (Saturday)."
The names of the most popular baby boys and girls in 2013 have been revealed. The list, compiled by BabyCentre UK, shows that parents are increasingly opting for unusual monikers for their children. For boys, Muhammad is now the most popular name in Britain - a rise of 27 places from last year's figures.
Husband of 14 years leaves wife for another woman, gets married to her and has a child with her. Wife finds out about the other woman after seeing wedding pictures on Facebook. Husband is jailed for 8 months because he's already married to someone else.
Arsenal legend David Seaman has revealed the best save of his career was against Sheffield United in 2002. The former England international went on to win the FA Cup with Arsenal that season .
Mark Clattenburg will referee the PSG vs Barcelona game on Wednesday. He's English, and he'll be assisted by five other Englishmen. The post Mark Clattenburg to take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona appeared first on Squawka News .
Dr Waller has a condition called dermatographia, which means she can draw on her skin with a pencil or pen and it will leave an imprint. She uses this to teach her students about new drugs and molecules.
Schneiderlin is out for the season, Clyne may be sold and Koeman doesn't like it when players go into their last year of contract.
The boat was overcrowded, the captain was drunk and locked people in the hold.
Winning the league is no longer enough to save a manager's job.
Muslim family flees to Syria, leaving their children behind.
Tamara Ecclestone's husband is a loser.
The wives are on parade.
Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday after they were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma. Inter confirmed on their website (www.inter.it) that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m., watched by club vice president Javier Zanetti and sporting director Piero Ausilio . Mancini was furious at his players' attitude after the Saturday's draw left them joint ninth alongside Genoa and 10 points adrift of the European places .
A meth addict mom strangled six of her newborn babies to death after she got pregnant because she couldn't care for them. She hid their bodies in the garage of her home, where they were found by her estranged husband 15 years later. He called police and when they arrived, officers discovered seven corpses - one was stillborn .
A car crashed into a house in Geelong, Australia. A baby girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital with life-threatening injuries. The driver is under police guard and has not yet been questioned by police.
Pietersen is back, and he's making it difficult for the England selectors to ignore him.
The moon formed from debris left over after a Mars-sized object called Theia collided with Earth. But the exact composition of Theia is still unknown, and two new studies have provided conflicting theories on what it was made of. One study says that the impactor had a similar composition to Earth, while another suggests that it was more like an asteroid belt - which would explain why there are so many asteroids in our solar system today.
Agbonlahor is back in training and looks like he’s ready to return for Aston Villa.
Man arrested for riding horse drunk on US 23.
The rich are getting richer.
Police are racist and brutal.
Father gives his daughter medical cannabis oil to treat her cancer. He is arrested and charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor. The father has been granted access to his daughter in hospital, however there needs to be a supervisor in the room with him.
Parents are told not to co-sleep with their babies because it increases the risk of cot death, but they're also told that if they don't feel tired then it's okay. So what do you do?
Kidulthood actor Adam Deacon is a bit of an arsehole.
Conservatives are the most likely to read Fifty Shades of Grey on holiday, while UKIP supporters are the biggest sun lovers.
Labour will work with the SNP to form a government.
Labour will introduce a new legal right to ‘granny leave’ to allow working grandparents to take time off to help care for their grandchildren. The party’s deputy leader Harriet Harman, in an interview with the Daily Mail, said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order
Amal Clooney has spent £66,979 on clothes in the last six months.
Jevans is back in the game.
Sir Stirling Moss is still a badass.
Brits and Americans want a baby girl, with Charlotte being the most popular name in the UK. In terms of a boy's name, James is top choice for both Brits and Americans.
Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of an American bishop who pleaded guilty to failing to report a priest who was a suspected child abuser. Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office. But children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals.
Messi is back to his best and he's not happy.
The NBA is taking its first game to Africa. Chris Paul and Luol Deng will play in the exhibition match, which will be held at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg on August 1.
Farage is losing support in his own constituency, and the Tories are not gaining it.
I'm a 19 year old girl with cerebral palsy who loves to dance. I want people to see me as just another person, not someone with a disability.' Dayna says she hopes that her video will inspire others and help them realize that they can do anything if they put their mind to it.
British Transport Police have drafted in 400 extra officers to help with crowds in London over the weekend.
Super fit Amy Hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year. The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her final run in Manchester on September 27. Incredibly, the challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record .
Rita Ora's new adidas range is inspired by her love of travel and Asian culture. The collection, which launches on May 1, features graphic dragon prints and basketball-style cuts. Rita says she loves to wear 'what looks and feels good' to you - not following trends .
Aubrey de Grey is a gerontologist who believes that ageing can be halted and even reversed by treating the human body like a vintage car – 'replace the parts, clean it up, keep it running smoothly way past its expected expiration date'. He has been mocked but now people are starting to come round to his way of thinking. Anyone who has ever wanted to change the world has been attacked.
Asian girl is crazy.
Rotherham have been deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired. The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly and they have until May 1 to appeal the decision, which could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed on the first day of the deal's implementation, President Hassan Rouhani said Thursday. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran's supreme leader, meanwhile told state-run media outlets he is neither in favor nor against it because it isn't final and he's not certain it will become binding because he has "never been optimistic about negotiations with the U.S." Six world powers and Iran reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
Southwest Airlines made a little girl's dream come true by surprising her with a birthday party on board the plane.
Manny Pacquiao is running in the morning, Floyd Mayweather is running at 2am.
It's like a scene from Mad Max.
11-year-old autistic boy who went missing for four days in the bush is found alive and well.
Ward-Prowse is a very talented young midfielder who has been at Southampton since he was eight. He's now 20 and has just signed a five year deal with the club. Ward-Prowse scored an absolute belter of a free kick against Brazil in Toulon last year, which you can see here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQqZ6_gKj5I
A Florida bus passenger was arrested for throwing a Snickers bar at the driver's head after threatening him and being disruptive during the ride, according to police. Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When
Angelina Jolie is a lying, hypocritical cunt.
Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he's ever seen. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence .
A nurse has been charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off a patient's life support without permission.
Former PM John Howard was driving along the Cahill Expressway when they realised they had a flat tyre. They pulled off and into the Conservatorium to change it. A woman saw them changing it and asked if she could help, before taking a selfie with Mr Howard .
The family of Michael Brown, the unarmed black 18-year-old who was fatally shot by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri last year, is suing the city and former Officer Darren Wilson.
Chelsea players celebrate Thai New Year by playing kick-ups with Stamford the Lion.
Utrecht had 12 players on the pitch for a minute and then 10. Edouard Duplan was substituted but didn't realise it, so he stayed on the pitch. Tommy Oar came on in his place and Duplan hopped over to the bench to explain what happened .
The storm of the decade hit Sydney on Wednesday, with 225mm of rain falling in two days. The city's train network was flooded and a number of roads were closed due to flash flooding. A time lapse video shows water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south .
Man kills wife, gets out of prison, marries another woman and then kills her too.
Pardew says Palace will not sell Bolasie for less than £20m.
Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break the hour record on June 7 at London's Olympic Velodrome.
Flower punches Hohaia in the face, gets banned for 6 months.
Cat takes over role of mother for three puppies after their biological parent is killed.
Poulter is a big fan of the Masters, and he's not afraid to say it.
Erik Compton is a badass.
The European Tour are being a bit mean to the BMW PGA Championship.
Lucy Mecklenburgh is a fitness guru and has launched her own online work-out programme. She's also the face of Sunkissed, which she uses to keep her skin looking healthy and glowing .
Child support payments are calculated on information provided to Inland Revenue by parents, they have advised that parents check the information they gave is still up to date.
Google is in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three network, to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network . Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan regardless of where they are.
A former teacher who taught at Sir Chris Hoy's old school has left a share of the £2million fortune she made from stocks and shares to help children from poorer backgrounds. Mary Cowan, 92, generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to George Watson's College in Edinburgh where she had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children. Ms Cowan passed away in November last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as Olympic hero Sir Chris Hoy (left) and rugby legend Gavin Hastings (right) were taught .
A British citizen was jailed in Burma for using an image of the Buddha to promote his bar. The Foreign Office said it had 'provided advice and support' to New Zealanders on Mr Blackwood's case, but did not mention that he is a Briton.
Reanne Evans is a good player, but she has to go through the qualifying school like everyone else.
Nicky Morgan says she would quit the Cabinet if the Tories entered a power-sharing deal with Ukip.
A straight guy asked his gay friend to prom and the Internet is loving it.
Mark Selby 6-3 Kurt Maflin.
Farage is a racist, but he's our racist.
Tony Abbott is a wimp.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is looking for volunteers to help manage Garnet Ghost Town, a Montana mining town more that's more than 100 years old, and has been mostly abandoned for nearly that long .
Bobbi Kristina Brown is in a coma. Her father says she's awake, but her family and doctors say that's not true. She has brain damage and will need years of rehabilitation to recover from it if she ever does.
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers instead believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia.
Emwazi was planning on joining al-Shabaab in Somalia, but changed his mind after two of his friends were killed. He then went to Syria where he joined ISIS and became known as Jihadi John.
Putin is planning to use the threat of nuclear war to force Nato out of countries bordering Russia, it has been claimed.
A grieving son was forced to dig his mother's grave after a council 'co-ordination error' meant work had not been done to the burial plot. Clint Gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside Brisbane to Wandoan in regional Queensland, only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes. Mr Gee planned...
Mark Selby won the China Open after beating Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final. The 31-year-old dominated from start to finish and took home £85,000 .
Stan Wawrinka was awful, Grigor Dimitrov was good. The Swiss No 2 won the first game of the match but then made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve. He did not appear to be injured but something was very clearly wrong; four winners and 41 unforced errors cannot be put down merely to a bad day at the office.
Police cars parked in bus stops are exempt from the law.
Tesco is encouraging its staff to get fit by dancing and running on the spot in store.
Post Office staff refused to serve blind man with guide dog. He was told he had to leave his guide dog outside if he wanted to be served. A couple of customers heard him and said he wasn't allowed to do it because I had a guide dog and that he would have to let me in.
David Cameron has warned voters that they have '11 days to save Britain', as he claimed Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed' The Prime Minister said the Scottish National Party would prop up a minority Labour administration in the hope that government would be a 'disaster' and bring forward its dream of independence. But Liberal Democrat Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accused Mr Cameron of stoking ill-feeling between Scotland and England in a way that would only fuel support for independence in next year's Scottish Parliament elections.
If you have $13 million to spare, this house is for you.
Carver is a moron.
Skin cells heal wounds by using microscopic tubes that act like a zipper. The study, which is published in the journal Nature Cell Biology, found skin cells on either side of the wound begin by 'sniffing' each other out to find their opposing partners. They then develop adhesive like structure made of microscopic tubes called microtubules that pulls them closer together.
Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage. It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome . The phone's location is then pinpointed and clicking a 'Ring' button beneath the map will then remotely call it.
Don't blindly follow your sat nav.
Apple is looking to boost the battery life of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. To address these issues, the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. At least nine job listings have been spotted on Apple's official recruitment site as it looks to boost batteries across its range of mobiles and laptops
Chuka Umunna is a racist.
Salford Red Devils 18 (Niall Evalds 2, Michael Dobson, Weller Hauraki tries; Josh Griffin 4 goals) Wigan Warriors 14 (Larne Patrick, Joe Burgess tries; Matty Smith goal). HT: 12-8. Sin bin: Harrison Hansen (Salford), John Bateman and Weller Hauraki (Wigan).
Liam Plunkett is ready to 'rough them up' with pace. The 29-year-old England seamer is back in Test contention in the Caribbean after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury. He managed 18 wickets in four Tests prior to that, playing a big part for an England side often criticised for going easy on the speed gun.
Don't go swimming in Lake Havasu.
Allan Donald is stepping down as South Africa bowling coach.
Priest gets caught with his pants down, literally.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 in the Spanish La Liga. Valencia are now just one point behind Atletico Madrid, who drew 2-2 with Malaga on Saturday.
Hillary Clinton is the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the United States. Win or lose, this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder.
Husband beats wife to death after she files for divorce. He is found guilty of second-degree murder and sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Don't be an a**hole.
Rodgers is a liar.
England have options for the second Test which starts on Tuesday. Moeen Ali provides an option for England while Jonathan Trott appeared in good spirits on Sunday . If Moeen convinces England he is fully fit after recovering from a side injury he will probably replace James Tredwell, who took five wickets in the first Test but is now nursing a shoulder injury.
Katie Hopkins is a vile racist who should be shunned by society.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey says he is taking a chance on Leroy Fer after the Dutch midfielder returned to training.
England's batsmen failed to capitalise on a good start, and the bowlers were unable to force victory. Jason Holder made his maiden Test century as West Indies held out for a draw in the first Test against England at Antigua . The hosts batted through two sessions of day five before declaring their second innings on 350-7, with Holder unbeaten on 103.
Iniesta is still good.
Graves has made a mess of things.
Teenager attempts suicide after months of bullying, is saved by two girls who happen to be walking in the woods.
Parents of conjoined twins who died 19 days after they were born have been left mortified after they arrived at their gravesite to find cemetery staff had cleared the baby section of all mementos and tossed them in the rubbish. Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus . They died in hospital less than a month after they were born, but their parents Simon Howie and Renee Young laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west.
The town council agreed to take over the running of the four public toilets from Cornwall Council at the start of 2013. But more than two years later, details of transfer ownership are still being worked out by county council while fourth block is shut for refurbishment. The Town Quay toilets were already owned by town council but leased to Cornwall Council, which has meant handover could be completed more quickly.
Canada is now bombing ISIS in Syria.
Kate is overdue and may be induced this week.
The state of Tennessee has been trying to find a new way to execute people since 2009, when it last killed someone. It's had trouble getting the drugs needed for lethal injection and is now considering bringing back the electric chair as an alternative method. The state Supreme Court just postponed all execution dates until legal questions about its current protocol are settled.
14-year-old boy who hanged himself five months after his mother lost her battle with cancer would wear her favourite bandana and spray her perfume round the house after she died.
Nepal's pagodas and temples are being destroyed by earthquakes.
Michelle Mone is selling her Glasgow townhouse in order to buy her ex-husband out of the 'dream home' they once shared, it is claimed. The self-made multi-millionaire bought the Glasgow property off-plan in the city's upmarket Park Circus area after splitting from husband Michael in December 2011. She paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013.
Grandma was driving her grandson home from the pool when she crashed into another car. She failed a sobriety test and refused to take a breathalyzer, but neither she nor her grandson were injured in the crash.
A doorman was fired for being too nice to tenants.
I won a free trip to Puerto Rico, but my wife couldn't come with me. I didn't have a single second of fun. My friend took pictures of me looking miserable the whole time and posted them online for everyone to see .
A drone strike killed an Italian aid worker and a US citizen. The US government is investigating the incident, but it's not clear if they will release any information about what happened.
Cheika is confident his pack can compete with England and Wales.
Hillary Clinton makes more money for an hour's worth of work than the country's top CEOs. The average CEO earns $54,213 per hour .
Sharky Jama, a model-turned-jihadist has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State (IS). The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio while tributes to the young man flooded social media. Somali broadcaster Ibrahim Mohamed said he had spoken with the family on Wednesday who told him Sharky had died after being shot.
Sophia's video is a cute way to explain how babies are made.
Argentina is going to try and sue the oil companies for drilling in their territory.
Man kills wife, gets convicted of manslaughter. Man commits suicide in court after being found guilty. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3348894/Man-commits-suicide-courtroom--convicted-killing-wife--suffocated-.html
A woman who is running for local elections in southern Italy has been accused of using her looks to get votes after posting dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis. The relatively unknown Stefania La Greca was suddenly catapulted into the limelight after the sexy shots went viral. But she defended her photographs and denied she was using her looks to get votes .
The Airbus A380 is a double-decker, four engine jet airliner manufactured by the European corporation Airbus. It's the largest passenger aircraft in the world and can carry up to 853 passengers. The plane was first introduced in 2007 and has since been used by several airlines around the globe including Singapore Airlines, Emirates Airline, Lufthansa Airlines and Qantas Airways .
David Cameron has called on people to 'feel proud to say this is a Christian country', in his annual Easter message. As the election campaign slowed to mark the Easter weekend, the Prime Minister hailed the work of
The Clinton Foundation is a slush fund for the Clintons.
Conman steals £400,000 from 80-year-old man and uses it to finance his dream wedding.
A senior Islamist party official convicted of crimes against humanity has been executed in Bangladesh. Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka . The assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war and was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said .
Max was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, when his mate blasted him with a .270 rifle.
The Rapa Nui people rolled the pukao up ramps to place them on top of the Moai statues.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay. Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game, a 70th minute strike. Simon Mignolet made two excellent saves to keep a clean sheet for Liverpool and Simon Eastwood missed an open goal from close range late on as he tried to equalise for Rovers.
Kate's fashion choices have boosted the profits of a British clothing company.
Three men catch a shark in New Zealand, drag it into shore and pose for photos with the creature.
He was given a knuckle duster free with his other purchases.
Some sick fucks beat a pony to death with a breeze block.
Mario Gomez has committed his future to Fiorentina by insisting he is keen to stay at the Viola. The striker joined Fiorentina in July 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of £17.2million.
Guy waves at people in a car, they think he's waving at them and get out of their car to beat him up. Guy runs away, gets chased by the family into a petrol station where he is beaten some more. Guy goes to hospital with head injuries and broken bones.
Rapist gets 8 years in prison, is released after 3 years and then phones his victim.
Absolutely Fabulous is a British sitcom created by, written by and starring Jennifer Saunders. It originally ran on BBC One from 1992 to 1996 as three series of six episodes each. The show has been broadcast in at least 28 countries around the world and has been released on DVD internationally.
Brian Williams is a liar.
The Model T was the first affordable car, and Henry Ford's genius meant it could be mass produced. It was made from 1908 to 1927 and is generally regarded as the first affordable car. In total more than 15million were made .
Periscope is a live streaming app that allows users to broadcast video and audio of themselves online. Users can also comment on other people's videos, which could potentially lead to sexual harassment or bullying. The app has already been used by celebrities including Kevin Jonas and Jim Gaffigan, but it is unknown whether they have disabled the location sharing feature before broadcasting their videos.
A gym teacher posed as a young girl on social media and convinced an elementary school student to send him inappropriate photos of herself. He was arrested after the father of the pre-teen girl found out about it.
Frat boys from ZBT at UF and Emory pissed on the American flag, threw beer bottles off of a balcony onto veterans, and spat on them. They were kicked out of their hotel but no arrests were made.
Guy eats metal objects because he's depressed. Doctors remove hundreds of coins, nails and other sharp objects from his stomach. Guy will need another operation to remove the rest of the metal .
The sanctions are a big part of the deal, but there's no agreement on how to lift them. And even if there is an agreement, it may not be enforceable.
14-year-old girl conspired with her 20 year old boyfriend to kill her mother because she disapproved of their relationship. The 14 year old was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates, county officials said. Authorities said Barnes and the teenager met in October, when she was 13 but told him she was 17 .
Blagojevich is a white man now.
South Africa is a diverse country, but it has had its share of xenophobic violence. The latest attacks have left at least six people dead and thousands displaced. Other nations are evacuating their citizens from South Africa as the government tries to address social and economic concerns that fuel xenophobia in the nation.
"I'd say just be yourself, and don't try to copy anyone else. If you're not happy with your photos, then no one else will be either."
Sterling is a greedy little shit.
Derby 1 Brentford 1. Pritchard 21 (B), Bent 92 (D). Attendance: 27,843 .
The Hawks beat the Nets, the Pistons beat the Heat, and a lot of other stuff happened.
Louis van Gaal is on course to deliver his first-season aim of returning Man United into Champions League.
He's a very good goalkeeper.
Prisoner flashes judge after being unhappy with court proceedings. Judge adds 30 days to his sentence for contempt of court.
Teenager helps old man carry his shopping home, picture goes viral.
ISIS beheads three men accused of being agents of the Syrian government. The barbaric footage, released earlier today, shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria as a militant brandishing a sharpened sword stands behind them . It comes just one day after ISIS claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya.
Choupette is a spoiled, pampered and very rich cat. She has her own personal chef who cooks for her every day, she travels by private jet and stays in the best hotels around the world. Her owner Karl Lagerfeld says: ‘She’s not a party animal but she likes to sleep’
Family of a young woman who died of an overdose wrote her obituary, which is very honest about the fact that she struggled with drugs. They want to prevent other families from going through what they did.
A play about Jimmy Savile is coming out in June. It's been written by a journalist who interviewed some of the victims and it stars Alistair McGowan as Savile. Some people are upset that they're making a play about him, but others think it's time to talk about what happened.
Bent is a Villa fan and wants to play for them again.
Botox is a neurotoxin that can cause paralysis and death. It's not approved for use in children, but doctors are free to prescribe it off-label. The FDA has warned against using Botox on the neck or head of infants and toddlers because of the risk of breathing problems, swallowing difficulties, muscle weakness or loss of bladder control .
Eden Hazard is a better player than Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, according to Zinedine Zidane. Eden Hazard has been named the PFA Player of the Year for 2014-15. The Chelsea winger was presented with his award at a ceremony in London on Sunday evening after being voted as this season’s best player by his fellow professionals.
The SNP are the least popular party to enter a power-sharing deal with Labour or the Tories. The Lib Dems are more popular than Ukip, but less so than Labour and the Tories.
Nigeria's new president is a 72-year-old former general who ran on an anti-corruption platform. He won because he touched a chord with Nigerians exhausted by years of misrule.
The ECB are a shambles.
Don’t believe everything you read. Do your research and make sure that the food fad is sustainable long-term, not just a quick fix.
Nasa is funding a plasma rocket that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days. It works by using radio waves to heat plasma, an electrically charged gas, which can be controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields . The engine will undergo tests over the next three years before it's ready for space flight.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space .
Real Madrid legend Fernando Hierro believes the current squad can win back-to-back Champions Leagues.
The Holy Week is a week-long series of Christian religious observances that mark the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ. It begins on Palm Sunday, which commemorates the triumphal entry into Jerusalem, and ends with Easter Sunday, which celebrates his resurrection. The most important celebrations occur during Holy Week when processions reenacting the Passion of Christ are held in many cities around Spain .
Youssouf Mulumbu has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the PFA Player of the Year awards. The West Brom midfielder also selected his team of the year, which included five Chelsea players .
Celtic could win the league on May 10 if they beat Kilmarnock and Aberdeen do likewise.
Clarkson is a cunt.
Elizabeth Jane Howard was a novelist, model and actress who amassed an impressive collection of ancient jewellery. She died in 2014 aged 90. The nine lots are expected to fetch up to £20,000 when they go under the hammer on Thursday at Bonhams auction house in London .
A seven-year-old British boy has fallen 160ft to his death from a cliff in the Alps after becoming separated from his family on a skiing holiday. Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area, according to a source. The Welsh schoolboy, who was formally named by police today, was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19 , and nine-year old sister Antonia when he died .
A doctor who was on Everest when the devastating earthquake struck has described the heartbreaking moment her mountain guide died before her eyes, . Ellen Gallant, a cardiologist from Utah, was attempting to climb the world's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck, sparking an avalanche that killed 18 people. Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas.
Ronaldo got a yellow card for diving in the box, and Ancelotti is going to appeal it.
Mercury is a lot darker than we thought, and it's all down to the carbon from comets.
Brides-to-be can buy their gown during the weekly grocery shop online – for just £80.
The family get £39,192 in handouts a year on top of Mr Prudham’s monthly salary of £1,600 as a delivery driver – taking their annual income to nearly £60,000.
The University of Michigan canceled a screening of the Oscar-nominated film American Sniper after students complained that it was racist. The school quickly reversed its decision and will show the movie at an alternative time.
Child star from Everybody Loves Raymond commits suicide. No warning signs, no depression, just a happy kid who loved to snowboard and ride motorcycles. He was 19 years old .
Eat a balanced diet of whole foods, including plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables. Avoid processed food as much as possible. Eat organic where you can to avoid pesticides and other chemicals in your food.
It's a coyote with mange.
Steve wants to move in with fat people and make them pay double for plane seats.
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza out of concerns for safety and comfort. The Dublin-based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to the Spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin, and they risk being kicked off the flight if they don’t comply. Ryanair refused to explain why it made this decision, but it follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to Ibiza for days of sun, booze and revelry.
The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January.
The couple had an examiner testing the registrar doing their ceremony and were given an invalid marriage certificate as it featured the wrong date. An amended version posted later was full spelling errors .
Badgers are protected by law, so don't try to kill them. If you do have to make contact with a badger, be sure to wash your hands afterwards.
A man who confessed to killing a 6-year-old boy in 1979 has been convicted of murder. Pedro Hernandez, 54, was found guilty Wednesday in the death of Etan Patz after a jury deliberated for about three hours. The case helped spur national efforts to publicize missing children and led Congress to create an Amber Alert system that sends out information about abducted kids on highway signs and radio stations.
Sexual harassment is a problem in India. It's time to talk about it and take action against it.
Roseanne Barr is going blind.
Mayweather and Pacquiao are set to earn $170m (£111m) each from the fight, which will be the highest grossing pay-per-view in history. Tyson features four times in our top 10 most economically inefficient fights after biting Holyfield and being disqualified for a third time . Six of the top 10 pay-per-view events have gone the distance, which is encouraging news for fans across the globe who will be paying to tune in.
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, undergoes a health check-up at Melbourne Zoo to assess the progress of her arthritis .
A couple from New South Wales, Australia paid a surrogate mother in India to have their baby. They took the girl and left the boy behind because they couldn't afford him. The Australian government knew about this but did nothing to stop it because of some bullshit law that says you can't interfere with another country's internal affairs or something like that.
Flakka is a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts. It causes hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or superhuman strength. The high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again.
The White House has opened its first gender-neutral bathroom. The facility is the first of its kind at the White House and according to spokesman Jeff Tiller it’s something that fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
Teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Detroit, Michigan, posted the above to Facebook. She said: 'So I am watching the news in Baltimore and see large swarms of people throwing bricks, etc at police who are fleeing from their assaults ... 15 in the hospital already.
Guy gets pulled over for a traffic violation, cops ask him to hand over the keys. Guy drives off and crashes through two fences onto the runway at an airport. Cops chase him down and arrest him after he jumps out of his car and runs into a shed on the tarmac area before being forced to ground by police officers
Veteran calls suicide hotline, gets put on hold for 10 minutes at a time and almost kills himself. Veteran calls suicide hotline again, this time he's put through to someone who actually helps him.
A van carrying football fans swerved from side to side on a busy road. The vehicle then rode up on to its two righthand wheels before crashing down and sending the men riding on top flying.
DEA agents had sex parties with prostitutes in Colombia. The DOJ is investigating the disciplinary process following the accusations of sexual misconduct, Fox News reported. The memo said: 'The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the Department, not simply because it invites extortion, blackmail, and leaks of sensitive or classified information'
Suge Knight ran over two men in his truck after they attacked him. One of the men died and one was injured. The man who died had a criminal record, but so did Suge Knight .
Pregnant woman goes into a coma, wakes up to learn she gave birth to a baby boy. Baby is doing well and mom's prognosis is unknown but better than expected.
Fenerbahce's team bus was attacked by gunmen in Turkey. The driver was injured and the windscreen smashed, but nobody else on board was hurt.
Moussa Sissoko is sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva. John Carver says the tackle was 'reckless' and that he will be looking at discipline. Moussa Sissoko apologises to Lucas Leiva after the game, but John Carver says it's about time captains lead by example and improve discipline.
Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera eating a biscuit during Celtic's match with St Mirren.
The women are taking over.
Keurig Green Mountain has sold over $3 billion worth of single-serve coffee capsules in the US, and is working on making them recyclable.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday. Isco, a Spain international who was suspended for the Granada game, performed well first during Modric's lengthy injury lay-off and then during the absence of James and has become a huge favourite with the Real fans. Ancelotti, by contrast, has been whistled by some sections of the Bernabeu crowd as Real stumbled since January and if he drops Isco and they stutter again could be in for a torrid time.
Stop finding individuals to scapegoat and carry the can and start looking at the system that is failing to produce the kind of cricketers we need.
A 73-year-old reserve deputy accidentally shot dead a suspect after he fired his handgun instead of his Taser. The incident is now under investigation .
Aliens are real.
Richie Sambora is a piece of shit.
Mom throws party for her daughter and friends, gets drunk, has sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom. She wakes up to find a 16 year old having sex with her. Mom says she was raped by the 16 year old because his penis is too big for her daughter so he had to rape mom instead.
Pave your front garden with plants, not concrete.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night, despite the slide being closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous. It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears that heavy rain would make it particularly slippery. Scroll down for video .
Britt McHenry is a bully. But so are we all.
The California Medical Association is against physician-assisted suicide, but a recent survey of 21,000 doctors in the U.S. and Europe shows views may be shifting.
Gray was arrested after he made eye contact with officers and ran away, police said. Officers held him down, handcuffed him and loaded him into the van. While inside, he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him, police have said.
The Tories want to double the number of first time buyers in the UK.
The clip has been watched more than 190,000 times, with many viewers deeming it 'cute' and 'adorable'.
Park Inn by Radisson has launched a new virtual travel service which redefines the concept of 'holiday'. The Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing . E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media – allowing customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home.
Rangers manager Stuart McCall has warned Bilel Mohsni to keep his cool after the defender was booked for reacting to opposition fans during Thursday's 3-0 defeat from Queen of the South.
Guy dies at sex party. Guy was black, so it's a hate crime .
Liverpool have to stop the supply line because defending crosses has been their Achilles heel this season.
Dog does a backflip.
The Church of Scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the Anzac brand by the Department of Veteran Affairs ahead of April 25. Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use Anzac, which stands for Australian and New Zealand Army Corp. Forty-four items were rejected for a range reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. Organisations such as Woolworths and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using Anzac in their marketing campaigns .
A piano teacher awaiting a jury's verdict on charges claiming he sexually assaulted an underage student has shot himself outside a New Hampshire courthouse, court officials say. Authorities say 75-year-old John Goodwin, of Atkinson, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. Prosecutors said that Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 years old .
Asian carp are a big problem in the Midwest. They're an invasive species that's been known to jump out of the water and attack people, boats and even planes. The fish can weigh up to 100 pounds, so it's no surprise they were able to take down a boat full of rowers.
A Liverpool fan took a picture of two Muslim men praying at Anfield and posted it on Twitter. He captioned the photo "Muslims praying at half-time" and called it a disgrace. The post was reported to police, who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place.
Asian hornets are a very aggressive predator that can kill honeybees. They have killed at least six people in France and could be heading to Britain. UK beekeepers have been sent email alerts by Defra asking them to be on the look-out for the menaces, while ministers drew up battle plans last year if killer Asian hornets are discovered here.
City need to keep Aguero or else they'll be screwed.
A father-and-son team painstakingly restored a 70 year old P51 Mustang fighter jet as a tribute to American servicemen who have died in combat. The plane was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand, and is flown by Scooter at air shows around the country. Every aspect of the paint represents those who have served and gave their ultimate sacrifice .
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, the charity founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994, has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever. Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer's, Debenhams and Laura Ashley , this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause . This follows the first leg of the campaign , which launched earlier this month and starred models Abbey Clancy (pictured), 29, and Alice Dellal , 27 .
Russia is testing Britain's defences and it's not the first time.
Pedo with learning difficulties who likes little girls goes on the run after being released from a mental hospital.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam, calling the venture 'foam surrealism.'
He's a crazy old man who flew his gyrocopter onto the Capitol lawn.
A group of good Samaritans stopped to help a motorist who had crashed into the central reservation on Interstate 30 in Fort Worth, Texas. An 18-wheeler later careered into the scene and burst into flames killing four people instantly. Two more died later from their injuries at hospital .
Klopp is a better fit for City than Pellegrini.
The Boston Marathon bomber was found guilty on all 30 counts. He could face the death penalty. http://www.cnn.com/2015/05/15/us...-verdicts-live-updates
Poacher captain was seen applauding and cheering when his ship sank.
Stoke have a poor record at Chelsea, but Mark Hughes is confident his side can end that run.
A tree fell on a car and killed the driver. The woman was driving northbound on Reading Road when she was struck by the tree, which had fallen across both lanes of traffic. Police say they still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep .
Annabel Karmel is a mum of three, an expert on children's nutrition and the author of over 40 cook books. She believes in balance, not fads and that it's okay to have chocolate as long as it is part of a good diet.
Black man shot by cop says he supports cops, wants body cams and non-lethal weapons.
Lib Dem campaigner Michelle Gent used her party's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business. A Liberal Democrat campaigner has been exposed as a dominatrix who used the party's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business. Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online.
Three inexperienced divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern California on Sunday. The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco who had rented a house to hunt for abalone, which is prized as a delicacy. Two survived - one was pulled out by helicopter and pronounced dead at the scene, while another's body was found after an hours-long search involving aircraft and boats from several fire departments.
Caged hens are kept in tiny cages for their entire lives, and when they're no longer profitable enough to keep alive, they're sent to slaughter.
ISIS are a bunch of cunts.
Judge falls asleep during trial, retrial ordered. Judge reprimanded for falling asleep in court .
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College. They say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene .
Don't pee on a jellyfish sting.
Adam Johnson is a rapist.
Prince William and Prince Harry once tried to get their personal chef to cook them pizza by forging a note to him, it emerged yesterday. Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food. William and Harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change .
The trailer for Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice leaked online on Thursday, and it's pretty much what you'd expect from a Zack Snyder movie. The film stars Ben Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman, with Amy Adams returning to play Lois Lane. Jesse Eisenberg plays Lex Luthor in the film, which is set to be released March 25th 2016 .
A farmer in China has found himself the talk of the country after one of his goats gave birth to a kid with six legs. The 20-day-old 'spider goat' - as it has been (inaccurately) nicknamed by Chinese web users - was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with 'an extraordinary appetite', according to People's Daily Online .
Charlie Adam scored a wonder goal but Stoke lost 2-1 to Chelsea.
Deaf parents get to experience the joy of hearing their child for the first time.
Jennifer Lopez's arms are toned and defined, but not overly muscular. She has a lean physique with curves in all the right places. Her upper body is strong and well-defined without being bulky or masculine looking.
Drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves the Blues with no fit strikers ahead of their game against Arsenal on Sunday.
St George was a real person who lived in the 3rd century AD. He was born to Christian parents in what is now Turkey and later became a Roman soldier. When he found out that Emperor Diocletian planned to kill all Christians, he protested against it and got executed for his troubles on April 23 303AD (or possibly earlier).
Two college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Florida's Panama City Beach. Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. The video was turned over to the Bay County Sheriff's Office.
The plane is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean off Australia's west coast. The search area will be doubled if nothing is found in the huge undersea area now being scanned for wreckage .
11-year-old autistic boy goes missing in the bush, survives for 5 days by eating berries and drinking water from a creek. He was found 3km away from where he went missing.
Brian Williams is a lying sack of shit and now he's been caught. He lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down by an RPG, he lied about seeing bodies floating through the streets of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, and now it turns out that his story about witnessing the fall of the Berlin Wall wasn't true either. The only thing Brian Williams hasn't lied to us about is how much money NBC pays him for his lies...
A chemical plant in China exploded, injuring 19 people and sending hundreds of firefighters to the scene.
Leicester are on the up.
Women are people, too. And they can be president.
Don't click on links in emails, even if they appear to be from Facebook.
The best way to cook a steak is on the grill, flipping it only once. Allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking and season with coarse salt. The texture will depend on the quality of the beef and cut; fillet has less flavour but more texture while ribeye has more fat and flavour but less texture .
Texas is getting hit with a storm system that's expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few days - while the North East enjoys balmy spring weather.
A French photographer has captured the essence of what people do when they're alone, in places where they're surrounded by millions of other people.
A woman found a photo of her grandfather's mother, who died when he was 13. He had assumed there were no photos of her left. The video shows the moment she gave him the picture and his reaction to seeing it for the first time in 70 years.
Verbruggen is a stubborn old man who doesn't want to admit he was wrong.
Headmistress steals money from school fund to pay for her own holidays.
The EU is going to send back most of the migrants who make it across the Mediterranean.
The SNP are going to hold Labour's feet to the fire and force them into a coalition.
The Premier League is a crazy old game.
Fenerbahce's bus was shot at on the way back from a match. Driver injured, nobody else hurt. Fener want championship suspended until culprits are found and punished
Nick Clegg is a lying cunt.
A man who had recently been released from prison crashed an SUV into a home where two people were sleeping, killing them both. The driver was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and is cooperating with investigators.
A young woman from New Jersey travels to Nepal and starts a school for children who lost their parents in the civil war. She's now building an off-the-grid campus that will include a high school, day care, preschool and vocational center.
Grandpa stabs ex-boyfriend to death after he and his granddaughter get into a fight. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3359097/Manhattan-doctor-arrested-stabbing--exsisterinlaw--death---allegedly--killed--woman's---husband----cops-.html
Candlestick Park was a great place to watch sports, but it will be missed.
A Mexican-American man who grew up in poverty and discrimination, Castro overcame the odds to become a successful lawyer, judge and ambassador. He was Arizona's first Hispanic governor.
Lerner is a bit of an absentee landlord, but he's still happy with the result.
A former Eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an MP despite dying two days ago. Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn, where his name will remain for the election. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0.
Sofia Vergara is a gold digger. She's been trying to get pregnant with Nick Loeb for years, but it never worked out. Now that she has a baby on the way from her new fiancee Joe Manganiello, she wants to keep the embryos frozen in case they ever want them again.
Girlfriend lied about being assaulted by her boyfriend because she was jealous.
Cop runs over a guy with his car, and the cop is being defended by other cops.
Chelsea's youth players are not getting a chance because they're not good enough.
11 year old boy arrested for starting a fire.
Coach driver tried to take a ferry, got turned back. Driver then attempted U-turn on slipway, failed miserably.
