Richard Dysart best known for Leland McKenzie in "L.A. Law" Dysart had many TV and film roles, including spots in "Being There" and "The Thing" Actor won Drama Desk award for performance in theatrical "That Championship Season"
Thursday's match between  two baseball heavyweights turned into a brawl. Began after dispute between the Royals' Ventura and White Sox's Eaton. Sparked a mass fight with members of both teams running onto the field. Umpired ejected a total of five players after the scrap at Chicago's stadium .
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, accused in 1973 case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, 47. First time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over Troubles. But Sir Frank claims he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at time. Mr Heenan died when paramilitaries threw grenade at bus carrying him .
Customers sought to claim after French strikes affected flights this month. Insurers asked passengers for airline letter that confirmed cancellation. But easyJet told those affected to pay £10 administration fee for the proof .
Watch goes on sale on 24th April around the world. Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Online Store. Apple says it expects Watch will sell out on its first day .
The women of Japan swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy. Mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne. Berry native to the Rocky Mountains that's been used by tribes for years. Its compounds give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits .
Teenager charged with arson at Manchester hair salon will not face trial. Inferno erupted at Paul's Hair World in Northern Quarter on July 13, 2013. Scientists initially stated the fire could not have been started accidentally. But they now say discarded cigarette near the fire exit could have caused it. Stephen Hunt, 38, died after he and colleague got into trouble tackling fire .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Sergio Aguero gave City the lead after just eight minutes in derby. His former team-mate Mario Balotelli tweeted his delight after the goal. But the now-Liverpool striker benefited more from City losing derby. He and his Anfield team-mates face Newcastle on Monday evening .
Cathryn Parker, 72, gave a false name at a traffic stop in LA last month. Police realized she was also leasing her home with another name. Case unraveled to be one of the worst cases of identity theft in the state. Most of her identities are stolen from Hollywood production staffers. Anyone with information regarding the case is asked to contact the LAPD on 661 940-3851 .
Worrying incident happened at Tashkent Airport in Uzbekistan. Front windscreen of bus is shattered by impact with plane's engine. Unknown if there were any injured parties or cost of damage .
Pop star Taylor Swift revealed Thursday that her mom has cancer. The nature and severity of Andrea Swift's cancer have not been divulged .
Nicky Law scored two goals as Rangers comfortably beat Raith Rovers. Haris Vuckic and Nicky Clark also got on the scoresheet at Ibrox. Rangers had suffered defeat by Queen of the South on Thursday. But Stuart McCall's side recovered to keep up the pressure on Hibernian .
Francis Coquelin defends Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud after criticism. Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a 'top quality' striker. Coquelin insists the Gunners 'can win titles' with Giroud in the side. French striker has scored 14 Premier League goals this season. Giroud: I get p***** about everyone talking about my hair and not my goals .
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession. She was headteacher of Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham. She talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. Disciplinary panel concluded she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'
Chelsea travel to the Emirates to face Arsenal on Sunday afternoon. Jose Mourinho has an impressive record against Arsene Wenger. Despite that, Wenger cannot be underestimated - he plays to win. Cesc Fabregas has impressed this season, but he would not necessarily have had the same impact if he had joined Arsenal from Barcelona .
Celtic extend their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership table. James Forrest scored the opener for the visitors before Stefan Johansen made sure of three points from the penalty spot. St Mirren remain bottom of the league table with 21 points .
More than 1.5 million people are displaced, including 800,000 children, UNICEF says. The kidnappings that inspired #BringBackOurGirls were a year ago this week. UNICEF is launching a #bringbackourchildhood campaign .
Turkish court imposed blocks as images of siege shared on social media. Images 'deeply upset' wife and children of hostage Mehmet Selim Kiraz. Prosecutor, 46, died in hospital after hostages stormed a courthouse. Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building .
Jake Castner is wanted over burglary and theft-related offences. He is boasting about how the police 'can't catch' him on Facebook. He also appears to offer to sell drugs and a locked iPhone 4. The 19-year-old was called a nightmare by a magistrate last year. Police are appealing for help to find the teen from Ballarat, Victoria .
Study: 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14. 10 per cent who couldn't amounts to 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts. Situation is responsible for a quarter of A&E visits, say researchers. Problem is more to do with lack of doctors rather than opening hours .
Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto has been linked with Liverpool and Arsenal. Neto joined Firoentina from Brazilian outfit Atletico Paranaense in 2011. He is also wanted by PSG and Spanish clubs, according to his agent. CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news .
Kevin Sinfield has announced he is leaving Leeds at the end of the season. The 34-year-old will cross codes to join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie. Sinfield has won six Super League titles, three World Club Challenges and one Challenge Cup with the Rhinos .
Fred Pagan, personal assistant to Sen Thad Cochran (R-MS), is charged with possession and intent to supply meth, plus trafficking drugs. Police raided his home after seizing date rape drugs addressed to him. Pagan is accused of intending to swap drugs for sexual favors. He faces up to 40 years in prison, has been released until May court date. Sen Cochran has yet to comment on the arrest .
Friends fan Neil Killham recreated the infamous trifle-shepherds pie. Character Rachel accidentally creates disgusting concoction in season 6. Dish includes sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions and whipped cream. Neil said finished product was 'terrible' but he managed to finish his slice .
Hulk saw the premiere of the Avengers: Age of Ultron movie on Monday. 28-year-old signed a new deal with Zenit St Petersburg in February. Hulk has scored 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian club this term .
Nicholas Soukeras, 37, of Queens, New York wants his future son to be called Spyridon, after his father. His wife, Kseniya, 33, doesn't like the 'archaic' name and prefers to call their child Michael. Nicholas needs his online petition to earn 100,000 signatures for his wife to relent. Ironically, the couple don’t actually know for certain that they are having a boy .
Cleveland's Variety Theater was a renowned rock venue that hosted the likes of Metallica, REM and Dead Kennedy's. But as metal band Motorhead performed in 1984, the ceiling cracked and plaster began to fall on to the audience. The gig was stopped and the theater was sealed off two years later - staying hidden from the public for 30 years. Now a photojournalist has ventured into the building, capturing eery photos that offer a glimpse into music history .
Margaret Bates is haunted by horrific murder of 17-year-old Kelly-Anne. Mum-of-three says she can't read autopsy report which details 150 injuries. Speaking for the first time after being left traumatised by death. Teen's boyfriend, James Smith, 49, was jailed for life after 1996 murder. Jury offered counselling after hearing of the youth's unimaginable ordeal .
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao will hold a public workout tonight in his gym in LA. Mayweather held his last night at the Mayweather Boxing Gym. The fight will be worth at least $300m, the richest in boxing history. READ: Mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing .
Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on points at the UIC Pavilion. It saw Jack narrowly claim the WBC super-middleweight title. George Groves is the mandatory challenger for the title .
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane was nearly a half-hour late in taking off. When it got to Wichita Falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. The city's aviation director said pilots were notified of the closure and the jet could have landed on an adjacent, 10,000-foot runway that was lit .
Lisa Williams hit neighbour David Coleman with a hammer three times. The families had been 'at war' since the Colemans moved in next door. Victim - who suffered a fractured skull - was brawling with Williams' brother. She was handed a restraining order and sentenced to 30 months in jail .
Racing legend Tony McCoy ended his record breaking career today. The Irish legend finished with a total of 4,348 winners over the jumps. He has ridden a record-breaking 289 winners in one season. McCoy was handed the Champions Jockey trophy for the 20th time .
Petr Cech regularly posts drum covers on his YouTube channel. Chelsea shot-stopper has struggled for game-time this season. Cech has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order. His side face crunch clash with Manchester United on Saturday .
Brendan Rodgers met with Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe on Thursday. Duo were pictured holding shisha pipes - believed to be in September. They have escaped club punishment and have not been fined. Sterling has also recently been recorded on video inhaling nitrous oxide. Arsenal and other clubs are now cooling their interest in Sterling .
The weekend saw BBC's FA Cup coverage compete with Sky's Premier League. It was a refreshing throwback to see the BBC's use of archive footage. Gary Lineker remains one of the BBC's prized assets and they must keep him .
Christine Lillico, 47, stole almost £80,000 from her parents over six years. Frail father left so poor before his death he was forced to go without phone. She spent the money on Xbox, shopping sprees and photography services. Lillico has now been jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to fraud .
The youngster's mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive in Maryland as usual on Sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment. But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared. Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was scaling the cliff face in Coire an Lochain, Scotland. Camera shows his axe come loose sending him tumbling down the cliff. He's eventually rescued by safety rope after a falling 10m in 3.5 seconds. Latvian Bardelis remarkably escaped injury and continued with his ascent .
Winger Yannick Bolasie has excelled under new manager Alan Pardew. Pardew is hoping winger will learn that the grass is not always greener. Wilfried Zaha left when he was handed dream move to Manchester United. But that move went sour and Pardew hopes Bolasie will learn from Zaha .
Terrill Wayne Newman is vying to become the next Kentucky governor. On Tuesday he legally changed his name to Gatewood Galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes. Newman says he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave'
Jordan Speith poised to play in the RBC Heritage Classic, South Carolina. The 21-year-old won the Masters in record-breaking style at the weekend. Spieth doesn't want to rest on his laurels and plans to catch Rory McIlroy .
Norwegian vets criticise EU regulations on treatment of organic fish. First line of treatment for organic fish should be homeopathic remedy. Vets call directives 'scientifically illiterate', saying it delays real care. British vets say use of homeopathy could lead to serious health detriment .
Manchester United flop Anderson was sent off for Internacional this week. Anderson saw red for an off-the-ball shove during the first half of 1-1 draw. Team-mate Fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans .
A 66-year-old man has been accused of burning an Australian flag. It was reportedly set it alight at the Shine of Remembrance in Anzac Square. He has been charged with public nuisance and breach of the peace. This comes only a day before thousands are set to gather to    commemorate Anzac Day's centenary at the Brisbane landmark .
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears was disciplined last week. The trooper posed with Snoop Dogg after rapper's SXSW keynote speech. Snoop  posted picture to Instagram with the caption: 'Me n my deputy dogg' Rapper's past legal problems were cause for concern for Spears' superiors. He was cited for 'deficiencies indicating need for counseling' for photo with figure who has 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
Chris Greenwood travelled with his family to Argeles-sur-Mer, France. It offers water slides and a heated pool with a retractable roof. Port of Collioure, located nearby, has a beach perfect for swimming .
Dr. Sergio Canavero says he is two years away from performing the first total human head transplant. The first patient will be a 30-year-old Russian man with a rare, genetic muscle wasting disease. One ethicist says Canavero should be helping paralyzed patients walk before performing body transplants .
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition following surgery. The tiny child was on her own in a house in Haimen City, China. Her mother returned from work to find bloodied daughter on floor .
Choc on Choc's chocolates come in three different flavours. The face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgium chocolate bars. Cameron's has blueberries, Clegg is honeycomb and Miliband is raspberry .
Tennis star Andy Murray and fiance Kim Sears tied the knot on Saturday at Dunblane Cathedral. Andy, and his mum and dad, have  arrived at the cathedral, bypassing hundreds of well-wishers on their way in. Kim Sears arrived at the cathedral not long after her fiance. Andy posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers showing his plans .
Teresa Swarbrick drowned on April 8 off the coast of Byron Bay, NSW. Her husband Alan described her as a 'special soul' in a Facebook tribute. 'I simply cannot express the love we had together,' he said. The mother of two was caught in strong currents while snorkelling. Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR .
Quota system abolished so farmers can produce as much milk as they like. Production increase expected in Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands. Could drive down prices for British farmers who are already squeezed .
Linda McLean was in her elementary school classroom in tiny Halfway, Oregon in 2013 when she was surprised by a man in a mask with a gun .
Charmain Speirs allegedly murdered by pastor husband Eric Isaiah Adusah. Couple travelled to Ghana last month so Mr Adusah could preach at a rally. Ms Speirs, who was pregnant, was found face-down in a bath by hotel staff. The pastor's defence lawyer claimed Ms Speirs was a habitual heroin user. But her brother Paul has said his sister had never touched drugs .
Iron Man-style arm and hand was built by laser expert Patrick Priebe. It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches. Gadget is powered by Lithium-ion cells and can be ordered from Mr Priebe .
Two Britons thought to be among seven killed in Caribbean plane crash. Piper PA-32 plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of Dominican Republic. Foreign Office confirmed it is looking into reports of UK citizens on aircraft. It is believed pilot was attempting emergency landing when crash occurred .
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, befriended woman in 2007. He took over her finances, applied for credit cards and ran up huge debts. He made her change her will, secretly took out life insurance policies and abused her trust 'in every conceivable way' Donohoe, who admitted theft and fraud, has now been jailed for 21 months .
First drawing of Yellow Submarine to fetch more than £10,000 at auction. Rare celluloid painting depicts vessel used in 1968 film starring Beatles. Featuring handwritten notes, it was used as a master for animation team. Yellow Submarine was a success  and led to The Beatles' 10th studio album .
Gerry Sutcliffe does not believe there should be a fresh inquiry into the fire. The inquiry at the time concluded the fire was started by a discarded cigarette in  an old wooden stand. A new book claims former Bradford chairman Stafford Heginbotham was linked to previous fires before the disaster .
Pippa is said to have bought biodegradable nappies in Switzerland. Buggy lights have white forward and red rear facing lights - just like a car. Self-warming bottle means new mums don't even need to get out of bed .
Ryan Wray, 26, charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse. USU Pi Kappa Alpha chapter suspended operations after Wray's arrest. The 2013-14 president was suspended by fraternity after allegations. Wray faces up to 15 years in prison and could be disciplined by school. Incidents allegedly occurred between last October and Wray's March arrest .
Kai Windsor knew from  three that he had been born in the wrong body. By four he wouldn't wear dresses and by six he wanted to cut his hair short. Kai came out at school as a transgender and is now referred to as a boy. At age of 10 he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty .
Rio Ferdinand says Manchester United need Wayne Rooney in attack. He believes Rooney's form has been key to their upturn in performances. Ferdinand said United's 2-1 win at Anfield shows they are 'on to something' Manchester United vs Manchester United: The expert view of the derby. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Maria Sharapova has been forced to withdraw with a leg injury. Russia host Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals in Sochi this weekend. Venus Williams has also pulled out because of a personal matter. The USA travel to face Italy in a World Group play-off in Brindisi .
The Vivienne Westwood suite will debut at The London West Hollywood. Opening in May, the 11,000 square foot suite is dubbed the largest in LA. The English designer's cushions, tapestries and scarves are on display. Guests can have an exclusive hour of shopping at Westwood's store .
Hundreds of patrons at Resort World Casino started brawling Friday night. Fists, metal poles and chairs flew as gangs tore around the premises. Fight reportedly broke out at 10.30pm after two women clashed in a lineq. Three people were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl .
Liverpool and Manchester United are set to battle for Memphis Depay. But Bayern Munich have now joined the race for his signature. Holland international Depay has scored 23 goals for the club this season. READ: Liverpool set for summer overhaul with TEN Kop stars on  way out .
Rapper says that his streaming service is 'here for the long haul' Report claims that app is being affected by delays from Apple, which is launching its own music service this summer. Jay Z claims that Tidal already has more than 700,000 subscribers. App purchasing data shows that it has fallen out of top 750 downloads .
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside. 'Miller' was malnourished, had severe anaemia and struggled to stand up. She trained the six-year-old horse in the arts of dressage and she now competes with him in the British championships. Says: 'Miller and I are a team - I needed him with me on my big day.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese GP with Nico Rosberg finishing second. Rosberg accused his team-mate of being selfish by driving too slow. Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton was right to worry about his own race. READ: Hamilton insists Rosberg was not trying to win in Shanghai. READ: Hamilton ready for Rosberg's underhand tactics .
Sol Campbell is part of a campaign to encourage minorities to vote. He joins David Harewood, Tinie Tempah and Ade Adepitan. Campbell has often said he is interested in a career in politics. He ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington .
The Curl-crested Jay is known to be a good mimic of sound. Bird makes the sound of running water and a distorted voice. Before it produces a peculiar Space Invaders style tune. Video was shot at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre .
Final Barclays Premier League live TV matches announced. Twelve matches to be shown on Sky Sports in May, three on BT Sport. Manchester United vs Arsenal moved to 4pm on Sunday, May 17. CLICK HERE for the latest Barclays Premier League news .
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend as part of her rehabilitation in Crawley. She moved wooden pallet with foot to help friend reverse and slipped down. Grandmother-of-two smashed face on pallet and left doing 'splits' in hole. Miss Faal says it has set her back in battle with debilitating agoraphobia .
Renee Bergeron, 38, captures children with disabilities at their most confident for her Superhero Project. The Washington-based photographer's first subject was her son, Apollo, who has a feeding tube in his stomach. She takes the photos free of charge to encourage families and to spread awareness .
Bryan Stow was beaten outside the LA Dodgers stadium in March 2011. He was kept in a medically induced coma for several months. He was later awarded $18 million damages against the LA Dodgers. Two men were jailed for eight and four years for the brutal attack .
Researchers claim using exact prices when selling goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. Sellers who end prices with ‘00’ typically receive offers up to 8% lower. However, goods with round numbers typically sell faster, the study claims .
New antibody blocks protein receptor needed to infect human cells. Patients injected saw 300-fold reduction in amount of HIV in their blood. Scientists believe breakthrough could result in new vaccines against virus .
Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon spent four days in NYC. While there the Dancing on Ice stars stayed at the JW Marriott Essex House. Their suite on the 31st floor offered up panoramic views of Central Park. The couple enjoyed a three-hour Bateaux New York cruise on the Hudson. The confirm Burger Joint in Le Parker Meridien Hotel lives up to the hype .
Huntley High School in Huntley, Illinois, offers a blended learning program. It allows students to combine online learning with in-person teacher instruction .
Concert will be part of the three-day commemoration of end of WWII. Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and boy band Blue are set to perform. There will be a Service of Remembrance on VE Day at The Cenotaph .
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, transformed her appearance. Downloaded £4.99 Easy Loss' Virtual Gastric Band - Lose Weight Fast app. Dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in just six months. Husband Robbie's colleagues thought he'd traded her in for a new model .
England have never advanced past last eight at the World Cup. But striker Toni Duggan says they'll head to Canada in June 'without fear' Duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 matches for the Three Lions. She had to recover from serious knee injury earlier this year. Aiming for success with both England and club Manchester City this year .
Gorilla leaps toward exhibit window and hits it, sending family running. Zoo says patrons were never in danger.
Deep brain stimulation involves implanting electrodes inside the skull. Technique is already used to help treat diseases such as Parkinson's. Scientists think it could help delay dementia by replenishing brain cells .
Pope Francis says Christians coming under increasing number of attacks. Asked for 'tangible help' for those 'persecuted solely for being Christian' Speech follows attack on Kenyan university which left 148 students dead .
The royal baby could be called Sam, after Duchess of Cambridge's friend. Sam Waley-Cohen, who rode in the Grand National, is a close confidant of the Duchess and helped the Cambridges rekindle their romance in 2007. Odds on the royal baby being named Sam have been slashed from 66/1 to 20/1 since Waley-Cohen appeared at Aintree and won race on Friday. Royal couple have insisted they do not know the sex of their second child .
House of Cards  follows a ruthless Democrat congressman's rise to power. Set in Washington, the hit US TV series features the capital's best sights. Discover the famous and lesser-known gems in Washington, DC .
Chelsea won 3-1 away at Leicester in the Premier League on Wednesday. John Terry scored Chelsea's second in their win at the King Power Stadium. Goal was Terry's fourth in the Premier League this season. Ex-West Ham defender Julian Dicks scored 10 during the 1995-96 season. READ: Branislav Ivanovic has more assists than Mesut Ozil .
Austria drew 1-1 against Bosnia-Herzegovina on Tuesday night. David Alaba picked up a knee injury during the first half of the game. Alaba was out for three months earlier this season after he suffered a partial ligament tear in his right knee .
Stephen Curry scored 34 points for Golden State against New Orleans. The Californian-based team defeated the Pelicans 106-99. Washington Wizards outscored the Toronto Raptors 11-4 in overtime. Paul Pierce led the scoring with 20 points for the Wizards .
Barbara Beam died in the home she shared with her sister and nephew in Greenville, South Carolina in January. A coroner ruled that she died from homicide by neglect and prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge her family members. Her sister told officers that she had not been moved from her bedroom chair for six months, and Beam had sores over her legs. When paramedics removed her from the chair and put her body on the ground, her legs stayed bent in a sitting position, police said .
Arcade staff discovered the baby girl in the disabled toilets last night. The newborn was taken to hospital and is described as 'safe and well' The baby has been named April by staff at Ormskirk Hospital in Southport. Police say the mother has been found and is receiving medical treatment .
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods spoke with Augusta club member Jeff Knox. McIlroy believes Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone. Knox played as a non-competing marker with McIlroy last year. On Friday Knox answered call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round .
Byron Schlenker and daughter Emily, 14, are both world record holders. 47-year-old from Syracuse, New York, has tongue wider than an iPhone 6. Is now a celebrity in hometown since winning Guinness World Record crown .
The 58-year-old actress revealed her diagnosis in a statement on Tuesday. She explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion. She underwent surgery last week with Hanks by her side and she is expected to make a full recovery. Wilson took medical from the Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month but is expected back on stage in May .
BBC2's Kim Shillinglaw says Clarkson 'will be back' because there is 'no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC' She insisted he would return in the future but currently 'needs some time' Also said Top Gear scenes filmed before sacking would be aired in summer. Ms Shillinglaw  said females were being considered to take Clarkson's post .
Ukraine Premier League outfit FC Chernomorets are struggling financially. Club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification due to mounting debt. FC Chernomorets have been forced to sell their best players as a result too .
Holidaymakers are willing to travel  the world to take in stunning views from man-made or natural vantage points. Brave souls can hang over the edge of Toronto's CN Tower, which stands 1,815ft tall. Pulpit Rock in Forsand, Norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft .
Aston Villa play Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final on Sunday at Wembley. Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches for Villa. Bundesliga side Wolfsburg are believed to be interested in Benteke. 24-year-old striker has two years left on his current £50,000-a-week deal .
The couple have been identified by family and friends as 48-year-old Chris Peppelman and his wife Nicole, 43. One of the couple's sons called 911 just before 1pm on Tuesday when he came home and found his parents dead. Mr and Mrs Peppelmen were covered in cuts believed to have been caused by a chainsaw. So far, authorities will only classify Mrs Peppelman's death as a homicide - suggesting that the incident could be a murder-suicide. Friends say the couple was going though troubles, and that Mrs Peppelman had moved out of the home with their three boys .
Lewis Hamilton showered her with champagne after winning Grand Prix. Campaigners against sexism said action was 'selfish and inconsiderate' But Liu Siying says she wasn't offended and just doing her job .
Police arrested Rebecca Grant, 40, for breaching bail conditions. Found apparently intoxicated walking into traffic in Limington, Maine. Resisting arrest, she scratched car with her teeth and bit upholstery. She also 'tried to head-butt a deputy and threatened to kill him'
Andy Hornby is in charge of the disgraced online company Pharmacy 2U. It was revealed yesterday that service has been selling NHS patients' data. Many of which are  the most vulnerable in society, who are ill or disabled. There are calls for him to step down and condemned for selling on details .
John Carver revealed he would use a whip to motivate his players. Newcastle have lost their last four matches against rivals Sunderland. Massadio Haidara has been ruled out for the rest of the campaign. Mehdi Abeid is expected to be in the squad after returning to training. CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle United news .
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions in regional NSW. On Saturday he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition. On Sunday Mr Tooth, who had been living in Sydney, died in hospital .
White House weighing whether Obama should meet with Raul Castro. A serious congressional ripple effect from the Menendez indictment? It's decision time for GOP operatives as the 2016ers get ready to launch .
Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says in a televised address that fighters will not pull out of major cities. A top military leader pledges allegiance to Yemen's ousted President .
A series of pictures show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland. The pieces of art are by Jörg Düsterwald, 49, from Hameln, Germany. He takes hours to paint the models into every nature scene .
Young Belgian Jason Denayer has impressed on loan with Celtic. Former Hoops captain Tom Boyd claims the defender is ready to challenge for a place at Manchester City next season. Ronny Deila is looking at Hearts defender Danny Wilson to fill the void .
Designs made from real gold were shown on the catwalk in Xi'an China. Models strutted their stuff in underwear and a shirt made from gold. The items cost around £40,000 each but are not intended for sale .
Sarah Stage, 30, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday. The baby boy weighed eight pounds seven ounces and was 22 inches long. During her pregnancy Sarah was criticised for her trim figure and abs .
Pensioner Alan Spencer's life was saved by his 18-month old Labrador Lexi. The 67-year-old began choking on pickled onion and felt life 'slipping away' But Lexi jumped on his back - dislodging the onion and saving his life. An earlier version of this article stated that Lexi the labrador had saved Mr Spencer's live by performing the Heimlich manoeuvre. In fact, the dog jumped on his back to clear the blockage. Heimlich involves applying sudden, strong pressure on the abdomen, which was not the case in this instance. We are happy to clarify this.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from Kurdish family’s home last October. Court heard she travelled on Eurostar to Stuttgart, home of Kurdish Workers' Party youth movement. Ozcelik, from Clissold Park, north London, charged with one terror offence .
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism. Saeed was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17. The 24-year-old allegedly lied to FBI he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon and did not know any ISIS members. Posted photos on Facebook carrying guns and posing with known ISIS militants. In online posts, Saeed allegedly bragged about working for sharia court and fighting in battle that lasted four months .
Underground city was discovered in otherworldly region of Cappadocia. It is believed to consist of at least 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels and rooms. Geophysicists studied a 1.5 mile (4 km) area using seismic tomography. Study suggests underground corridors may be 371ft (113 metres) deep .
Darren Jones was seen swaying on his feet moments before going on air. The 28-year-old stepped away from his podium with seconds to spare. He collapsed in front of the audience on Made in Bristol's Decision Made. Later the candidate said he had been feeling poorly all day before show .
Everton beat Southamton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday afternoon. Ross Barkley showed his skill but made an error that saw the crowd groan. Team-mate James McCarthy is confident he can deal with the pressure .
German discount supermarket Aldi now has a 5.3 per cent market share. In comparison, Waitrose has 5.1 per cent, according to consumer research. Both lag behind Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and the Co-Operative. The total market share of the ‘big four’ fell to its the lowest for a decade .
President 'believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' press secretary said. He added: 'And there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact because it's inconvenient to their case and it might be inconvenient to some of their strongest political supporters' Remarks followed the president's gas guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One .
Chipotle is stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients. The company's rice, meat marinades, chips, salsa, and tortillas will not be made with GMOs. However,  GMO-feed is still consumed by the chickens and pigs the company uses. Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells has said 'They say these ingredients are safe, but I think we all know we'd rather have food that doesn't contain them'
Heather Hironimus and the boy's father, Dennis Nebus, have been warring since her pregnancy. They were never married but share custody of their 4-year-old child. In a parenting agreement filed in court, the two agreed to the boy's circumcision. Hironimus later changed her mind, giving way to a long court battle. She filed a federal civil rights complaint late Monday. It repeats the claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated. Hironimus is also trying to avoid her own arrest. The arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the surgery to go forward .
Steve Clarke admits his Reading side must be 'perfect' on Saturday. The Royals face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium. Clarke has never beaten Arsene Wenger but wants this to change .
Celtic crashed lost to 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final. The referee failed to spot a handball from Inverness player Josh Meekings. The decision denied Celtic a penalty during a crucial point of the game. Van Dijk was sent off against Inter Milan in the last 32 of the Champions League in February .
Adam Lyons, 34, from East London, is in a relationship with two women. His girlfriends Brooke, 26, and Jane, 25, say they do not 'share' him. They are all in love with one another. Trio appeared on today's This Morning to explain why relationship works .
England's top order collapsed on the first morning in Antigua. Jonathan Trott, Alastair Cook and Gary Ballance all out cheaply. Michael Vaughan critical of footwork and mindset of the trio. Vaughan is favourite to take up role of England cricket director .
Security guard Cengiz Guven is protecting Australian travellers at Gallipoli. The 30-year-old from Istanbul is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine. His team will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 Australians. This will be conducted at the Lone Pine service on Anzac Day. About 4000 police and at least 1000 Turkish soldiers will be on duty. Mr Guven has previously protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler .
Albert Roux has been dating a string of ladies since divorcing heiress wife. They include a Ukrainian cloakroom attendant, an artist and a tea hostess. The 79-year-old is said to have spent thousands on one of the women. Last year it emerged his wife was divorcing him on grounds of adultery .
Research conducted by Planet Cruise surveyed people aged 55 and over. Women were more likely to regret their career choices than men. Men were more likely to suffer from mental illness as a result of regrets .
Michelle Obama has jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that eldest daughter Malia is now a licensed driver. The first lady was making a special appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday. Mrs. Obama also noted that both her teenager daughters are very familiar with the concept of sarcasm. 'When they get a little snarky, I'm like, "Oh, you sound like your dad!"' Tens of thousands of people gathered on the White House South Lawn on Monday for the annual Easter egg roll festivities .
Aston Villa face fellow relegation fighters QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday. Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his players must dig deep to win. Sherwood labelled his stars 'icing on the cake players' on Monday .
Coloring books made for adults are popular on Amazon's bestselling books list. Books with calming, meditative and spiritual themes appeal to adults looking to unwind .
Officers were trying to stop suspects in a stolen black Toyota Friday night after they allegedly committed a series of armed robberies. The car struck and killed Bridget Klecker, 42, in a crosswalk. Car hit and injured a second pedestrian and struck a car before fleeing. Car was found unattended later that night and three male suspects were still at large as of Friday .
Pippa was seen pounding the pavement on a long run in the London heat. The 31-year-old is currently in training ahead of a 54-mile charity bike ride. She kept cool in coordinating orange vest and Adidas shorts .
Punk-glam stars at Fashion Week on Tuesday bringing an edge to the show. Phoenix Keating, Zhivago, Khim Hang and Alice McCall rocked punk glam. While others like Maticevski, Ginger and Smart and Brunsdon play safe. Collections featured  metallics, jewel tones, rigid lines and new textures .
Geoff Whitington, 63, had diabetes and was on the verge of losing a leg. His sons Anthony and Ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone. He now loves to cycle, never eats take-aways and chooses healthy options. Doctors Mr Whitington is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication .
Deborah Kane, from Manchester, had a melanoma behind her eye. Doctors think it may have been a result of wearing cheap sunglasses. She has also had two cancerous lumps removed from neck and leg. Mother-of-two was badly burned in Lanzarote at the age of 15 .
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final. Pep Guardiola bidding to reach sixth semi-final in sixth year as a manager. From 2005-2009 England had 12 out of 20 Champions League semi-finalists. In last five years only three semi-finalists have been from Premier League. Guardiola changed Barcelona tactically, introducing relentless pressing. Lionel Messi brought into it when Guardiola supported him against the club. Premier League clubs have struggled to cope with that intensity in Europe .
Sofia Davila, 21, nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook' over crimes. Caught after going to police, claiming she was forced out her victim's flat. She has admitted bedding and robbing 15 men after spiking their drinks .
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu praises 'leader' Lionel Messi. Bartomeu reveals Messi will always have a place at Barca. Messi scored his 400th career goal for Barca last weekend. CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
The 22-year-old teamed up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer 20 girls free tuition to a two-week software engineering program. Karlie attended the course last year and was inspired to share her experience with young girls across the country. The model gave $20,000 of her own money to create the scholarship, with the Flatiron School matching her donation .
Prosecutors have called more than 100 witnesses to testify. Defense team expected to wrap up within a day or two. The 15 jurors could be sent out early next week to deliberate. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to shooting dead Odin Lloyd .
Merger would have given the new company control of 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30percent of the paid TV market. Announcement that Comcast is 'walking away' from deal could come Friday. Comcast has 30million subscribers and Time Warner Cable boasts 11million; new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million. FCC staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review - a significant regulatory hurdle. Regulators questions whether merger was in the public interest .
Natasha Elderfield is accused of the murder of boyfriend Robert Dobinson. He is said to have found her about to have sex with another man. She allegedly stabbed him and left him to die on banks of River Thames. Elderfield, 41, denies murder and claims Dobinson accidentally walked into the knife .
Single father Simon Wood, 38, fulfilled childhood dream of becoming a chef. He beat mother-of-four Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd, 33, from London. Three finalists were challenged to cook a three-course meal in three hours .
Liverpool's Mario Balotelli receives more abuse than any other player. The Italian was on the end of 8,000 messages, with Danny Welbeck receiving 1,600 in a study carried out by Kick It Out. Anti-racism campaigners found 134,400 derogatory messages were made in just seven months on Facebook, Twitter, blogs and other social media. Rio Ferdinand was fined for  including the word 'sket' in a tweet .
Eight-year-old boy was hospitalised after being suffocated during 'game' In it child's nose and mouth are held shut by another until they pass out. Police in Manchester are warning that 'sleeper' prank is potentially fatal. Councillor says craze must be stopped before 'we have a terrible tragedy'
Money expert says spending a few hours and a bit of cash can add tens of thousands to your property value at sale. Among her tips are things simple as changing door handles and curtains. Michelle Hutchison says paint the walls and the kitchen cupboards. Other tips include: Clear the clutter to make you home appear bigger .
Mystery man wandered into Polish Embassy yesterday with no memory. The only clue to his identity is a distinctive flower tattoo on his right arm. He can't recall his own name, how he lost his memory or came to be in UK. All he could remember that he was from Poland and his daughter Lenka .
Man is seen swaying and then barging into a 63-year-old outside Aintree. The man stumbles and then falls backwards to the floor into the road. Onlookers helped and he was taken to hospital and treated for bruising. Police confirmed that the 34-year-old perpetrator in the video has come forward and been interviewed under caution for the alleged assault .
The 23-year-old has become an integral part of Arsenal's starting XI. Francis Coquelin was on loan at Charlton earlier in the season. Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday in a crucial clash .
Stylist Lily Melrose has  imaginative ways to update your wardrobe. UK blogger shares DIY tips to take winter clothes into spring  on the cheap. They include bejewelling sunglasses and fringing boots .
Tim Bresnan pushing for Test recall as LV= County Championship begins. Bresnan last played in the England whites in the winter Ashes of 2013/14. He reached 400 first class wickets as Yorkshire face Leeds-Bradford MCCU. The right-arm quick took 30 wickets in 10 games at 31.57 last season. Yorkshire begin title defence on April 14 against Worcestershire .
Right-wing groups want court to let them sue the IRS in a class-action lawsuit for violating their constitutional right to equal treatment. IRS applied different criteria to right-wing groups, holding up their applications for years while liberal organizations skated through. Obama administration fought the release of a list of 298 groups it denied tax-exempt status beginning in 2010, citing privacy concerns. Judge in Cincinnati overruled the government and ordered the IRS to hand over the list. If court 'certifies' class-action status, the tea party groups will be free to demand emails, phone records and other documents .
Ryan Bertrand was fifth left back to be called up by England last month. Bertrand only included after injuries to Leighton Baines, Luke Shaw and Danny Rose. He replaced Kieran Gibbs in second half away in Italy. Bertrand belives he should be higher up the England pecking order .
Drinks company offered Premier League £45million-a-year deal. But clubs turned it down because they have other deals with beers. Sky Sports block Thierry Henry from presenting award on Channel 4. Richard Thompson looking to bring T20 blast highlights to terrestrial TV .
Elizabeth Sedway posted to video to Facebook showing her removal from a plane. She was forced off a flight in Hawaii and told she couldn't head home to California. Alaska Airlines later apologized, saying it could have handled the situation differently .
She was allegedly attacked after leaving her house to relieve herself. The attack is said to have taken place in India's Uttar Pradesh region. Victim suffered 70 per cent burns after dousing herself in kerosene. Her brother apparently saw her covered in flames and threw water on her .
Harry and Charlie Davies-Carr starred in the clip some eight years ago. In the video Charlie bites his older brother 's finger. The film was originally made to send to the pairs' godfather in America. It has since amassed 816million views on YouTube .
Michael Phelps is hoping to compete a the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Phelps will has served a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last year. 29-year-old will be competing in Mesa for the first time since the Pan Pacific Championships last August .
Labour’s shadow chancellor got the right answer after a ten second pause. He said it was 'always  dangerous  to answer those sorts of questions' Comes after he revealed he did not want to answer maths questions on TV. Told Susanna Reid that the maths brain in his family was his mother in law .
55 decomposed greyhound carcasses have been found in Queensland. A 64-year-old woman and 71-year-old man have been charged. It is thought the site is common 'dumping ground' for greyhounds. They were charged after police found a .22 calibre gun in their home. Police have not confirmed that microchips were found alongside the dogs .
Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. Has a gradient of 6.1 per cent on  Shimane  side and 5.1 per cent on Tottori. Spans mile across Lake Nakaumi linking  cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato .
Arsenal were title contenders in 2013/14 season before faltering at the end. Gunners have same record after 31 games: Won 19, drawn six, lost six. Arsene Wenger insists Arsenal have improved with likes of Alexis Sanchez. Arsenal started this season poorly with defeats at Swansea and Stoke City. Adrian Durham: Arsenal only turn it on when the pressure is off .
Reports in Italy say Juventus make opening offer for Paulo Dybala. The Palermo striker has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal. Real Madrid and Barcelona continue title battle with La Liga victories .
Joanna Biggs tells the stories of real people she has interviewedin the UK. She offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work. Confesses she hoped for more resistance to the way society is organised .
French climber Alain Robert scaled the 75-storey Cayan Tower. Daredevil assisted by nothing more than sticky tape and chalk. The 52-year-old took an hour and a half to ascend the high-rise. Video captures daredevil struggling over a ledge on building .
Ford announced at a press conference on Thursday that he will undergo a 8-10 hour surgery to remove a tumor on May 11. He was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year. He had refused to step down as mayor in light of his crack and alcohol binges, but the diagnosis forced him to give up the role. But he ran for his old seat in city council and won .
Wigan secured their first away win of the Super League season. Joe Burgess scored three of the Warriors' seven tries. Wigan climb above St Helens into second place, at least for 24 hours .
Daphne Selfe has been modelling since the Fifties. She has recently landed a new campaign with Vans and & Other Stories. The 86-year-old commands £1,000 a day for her work .
Eden Hazard showed off his tricks for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine. Chelsea star left his marker in knots on four occasions in a video. Hazard's step-overs, turns and his sharp control are fully on display. Belgian star's Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. READ: Chelsea fans storm Emirates Stadium to play practical joke .
USS Oklahoma was lost during Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. Hundreds of crew members were buried without identification .
Norwich beat Bolton 2-1 at the Macron Stadium in the Championship. Graham Dorrans gave the visitors the lead inside 10 minutes. Adam Le Fondre drew Neil Lennon's side level after 18. Gary Hooper won the game for Norwich in the closing moments. Norwich remain second ahead of Watford on goal difference .
FA Cup is set to be named Emirates FA Cup as part of sponsorship deal. Emirates also sponsor Real Madrid, AC Milan, PSG and Arsenal. Airline also purchased naming rights Emirates Stadium in 2004. La Liga giants Madrid sealed lucrative deal with Emirates in 2013 .
Alastair Cook completed his century on the second morning of action. England captain resumed on 95 and reached three figures before retiring. That allowed Ian Bell to arrive at the crease as tourists continued to bat .
Marine Le Pen accused  father Jean-Marie of committing 'political suicide' Comes after he called France's Prime Minister Manuel Valls 'the immigrant' He also defended comment that Nazi gas chambers were 'detail of history' Le Pen said she would oppose her father's bid to lead the National Front .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Win all but secured Palace's status in the Premier League for another year. Chairman Steve Parish says the club have funds to improve the squad. But he wants investment to carry out necessary stadium improvements. CLICK HERE for the latest Crystal Palace news .
The Trussell Trust admits that the one million were not all 'unique users' It had previously claimed that it served a million hungry people in a year. Labour Party and Trades Union Congress were quick to seize on the figure. Trust has said the figure was based on the number of parcels handed out .
Alec Stewart would like to hear more about the England team vacancy. Former England wicketkeeper is currently director of cricket at Surrey. Stewart says he has had no discussions with the ECB over the role. Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England team .
Jonas Bjorkman joined Andy Murray's camp on an initial trial. Amelie Mauresmo is due to give birth to her first child in August. Bjorkman will work with Murray right through to the US Open. Murray is in Munich to compete in this week's BMW Open on clay .
Jurgen Klopp's seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund will end on June 30. Premier League clubs on alert after the shock news from Germany. Klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break. Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed news in press conference. The 47-year-old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs. Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there. Klopp: 'I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change'
Alan Pardew claims he has the ability to manage the league's top sides. However Pardew insists he is content with life at Selhurst Park. The Eagles host Premier League holders Manchester City on Monday night .
Wigan will be relegated to League One if they fail to beat Brighton at home. Bristol City can win League One with victory against Coventry on. Find out which club clubs can win promotion... and go down this weekend .
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café at 9 p.m. on Sunday when the crash occured. First responders arrived to find they had died from multiple traumatic injuries. The vehicle started to skid at a slight left turn, then went off the road and hit an embankment. The vehicle was a restored 1923 Model T Ford with new elements .
Retired engineer Dave Tyler built his own observatory in garden in 1977. Uses powerful telescope to photograph solar system from home in Bucks. Takes pictures of variety of phenomena including solar flares and sunspots .
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake feces' on his granddaughters' beds. His son then went about filming the moment of discovery. But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Randy's six-year-old granddaughter Porter  crying in horror. Randy, an attorney, told Daily Mail Online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day .
A 41-year-old driver hit and killed a 2-year-old girl Sunday evening when the toddler ran front of his van in a Milwaukee neighborhood. The driver, Archie Brown Jr., stopped at the scene. Moments later, someone from the home where the toddler lived opened fire - shooting Brown dead and fatally wounding a 15-year-old. Police are investigating whether the shooting was revenge for the fatal traffic accident. The gunman responsible has not been arrested. Brown was a father of four with a young daughter of his own .
Kevin Pietersen scored a century for Surrey against Oxford MCCU. The 34-year-old scored an impressive 170 off 149 balls. It was Pietersen's first hundred since the Old Trafford Ashes Test in 2013. England begin their first Test with the West Indies in Antigua on Monday .
Brian the lar gibbon was captured strutting at the Lake District Wildlife Park. Amanda Dorman from Scotland shot and uploaded the seven-second clip. Video shows 50-year-old primate sneaking along while looking at filmmaker. Park manager  said Brian has been 'entertaining our guests for years'
FBI director James Comey suggested in remarks last week that Poles were accomplices during the holocaust. Comey's comments are offensive to Poles as they had no role in running death camps and were themselves victims of the Third Reich. Poles see themselves as heroes of the war who have never been properly recognized, making the comments yet more hurtful. The remarks came shortly before the 72nd anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, which was commemorated on Sunday. The U.S. ambassador to Poland, Stephen Mull, was called to the Foreign Ministry in a formal act of protest. The incident echoes a gaffe by President Obama in 2012 when he referred to 'a Polish death camp' - he offered his regrets for the error .
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, says that he failed to find love with online dating sites. The sign reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?' The retired cook is looking for a 'down-to-earth' woman who's 'at least 28' Thomas says his kids, aged six to 11, think the advertisement is 'cute'
Czech President Milos Zeman plans to attend WWII parade in Moscow. U.S. Ambassador criticised his decision in relation to Ukraine crisis. President Zeman responded to criticism by banning him from castle .
Qatar's Supreme Committee unveil new 40,000-seat stadium for World Cup. The Al Rayyan Stadium is fifth 2022 venue and will be completed in 2019. Stadium features 'cooling technology' for fans' and players' comfort .
Agent Arthur Baldwin arrested in south-east Washington at 12:30am Friday. Charged with a felony charge of first-degree attempted burglary. Agent Baldwin, posted to Foreign Missions Branch, was placed on leave. Secret Service bosses also suspended his security clearance .
Pilot stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night. Cathay Pacific runs regular flights between its Hong Kong hub and London. The male pilot has been bailed pending an investigation .
Gary fell from 147th most popular British name in 1996 to 1,001st in 2013. Reached height of its popularity in 1964, when it was ranked 16th. Meanwhile, names including Dexter and Jenson are now in the top 100 .
Michelle O'Clee said bigamist husband's lies could be from Grisham thriller. She turned to friend Myleene Klass after discovering tangled web of deceit. Andrew O'Clee said he was forced to live in 'safe house' to live double life. Bigamist even gave an identical platinum ring to second wife Philippa, 30 .
David Seaman reveals that his save against Sheffield United was his best. The former Arsenal keeper somehow kept out Paul Peschisolido's header. Seaman has warned the Gunners to be wary of underdogs Reading. Arsenal were given a torrid time by Sheffield United back in 2003. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Mark Clattenburg will referee Barcelona vs PSG in the Champions League. He will be assisted by five other Englishmen at the Parc des Princes. Martin Atkinson has not been chosen by UEFA for this round of fixtures. Referees from Serbia, Czech Republic and Spain also selected for games. GRAHAM POLL: Clattenburg was right to confer for Vincent Kompany foul .
Zoe Waller, 31, has dermatographia and can draw designs on her own body. Condition is a type of urticaria - where an itchy rash appears after pressure. She says it 'doesn't hurt' and draws molecules on herself to teach students. Has become  famous across her university and people now make requests .
Morgan Schneiderlin ruled out for rest of the season with ligament damage. Southampton midfielder suffered injury in draw with Tottenham. Manager Ronald Koeman admitted he may have played last game for club. Schneiderlin has been linked with moves to Arsenal and Tottenham. Saints travel to relegation-threatened Sunderland at the weekend .
Gambian footballer Baboucarr Ceesay, 21, died seeking new life in the UK. Aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, outraged at treatment by smugglers. She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals' Mr Ceesay understood to have been locked in hold when vessel sank .
Pellegrini is feeling the heat after Man City's 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace. The result left Man City nine points behind Chelsea in Premier League. The last four managers to win title have left their posts soon after. Jose Mourinho's first spell at Chelsea abruptly ended in 2007. Carlo Ancelotti suffered similar fate year after title success. Roberto Mancini was shown door by City 12 months after first league title. Sir Alex Ferguson retired after winning a 13th Premier League at United. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Asif Malik disappeared from UK with partner Sara Kiran and four children. Turkish official claimed today that the family have been arrested in Ankara. Malik, 31, was pictured holding 'ISIS' sign at a protest in London last year. Relatives of Ms Kiran today made emotional appeal for her to come home .
Jay Rutland, 34, is married to 30-year-old daughter of Bernie Ecclestone. His company had total net assets of £3,378 last year, down from £18,131. Former stockbroker lives with his wife and daughter in £45million house. Brigante Business Developments is management consultancy company .
All the party leader's wives have been spotted looking stylish in trousers. Samantha Cameron and Justine Miliband  wore almost identical uniforms. Miriam Gonz·lez was more quirky donning a pair of Lib Dem yellow chinos .
Inter Milan held 1-1 by bottom-of-the-table Parma in Serie A on Saturday. Roberto Mancini cancels players' day off after criticising attitude. Inter Milan players will now report for training early on Easter Sunday .
Megan Huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to the six murders in February. Police said children, born between 1996 and 2006, were alive just minutes. She would strangle newborns with her thumbs and hide them in garage. Two of her old daughters spoke up for their mom in letters read in court. Huntsman, from Pleasant Grove, Utah, was sentenced for her crimes today. Given six sentences of five years to life, three of which are consecutive. Means she will spend at least 15 years behind bars, and likely much longer .
A four-month-old baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries. A 20-year-old man's car crashed into the bedroom of her Geelong house. Police say a car crashed through a fence and into the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout .
Kevin Pietersen made 170 runs of 149 balls for Surrey in Oxford on Sunday. Alec Stewart says the batsman can make it difficult for England selectors. Pietersen believes Paul Downton's departure has given him a 'lifeline' England started the first Test against the West Indies in Antigua on Monday .
The moon formed when a Mars-sized body called Theia hit it early on. But no one is sure why the moon and Earth have a similar composition. University of Maryland researchers say cloud of debris rained on worlds. But Israel Institute of Technology says impactor was similar to Earth .
Aston Villa's Gabriel Agbonlahor throws a flurry of punches in training. Attacker is closing in on return to fitness following hamstring injury. Agbonlahor missed Aston Villa's semi-final victory against Liverpool. The 28-year-old will be hoping to return against Manchester City .
Michael Kimmel was taken into custody wearing only boots, jeans and a cowboy hat .
Tickets for Mayweather v Pacquiao on sale online for $180,000. Majority of the 1,000 tickets for the general public snapped up within minutes. The fight in Las Vegas on May 2 is one of the biggest in the sport's history .
Aboriginal teenager arrested says police assaulted him while handcuffed. 'Kicked me across the face as my hands were cuffed,' Eathan Cruse says. 19-year-old was one of five arrested in Melbourne anti-terror operation. His father says he was also the victim of police brutality during raid. Sevdet Besim, 18, charged with conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism .
A Cairns man faces court after giving his daughter medical cannabis oil. Two-year-old daughter is suffering from a rare form of cancer. The 30-year-old father claims the effects of the cannabis were miraculous. He was arrested  for administering the drug to his daughter. He has since set up a campaign to highlight his situation .
Efan James died in his mother Hannah's bed in October last year. 'Well cared-for and loved' baby was found 'face-down and unresponsive' Coroner says advice should be changed to suggest never bed-sharing. NHS says not to if parents smoke, drink, have taken drugs or are very tired. Open verdict on Efan's death but pathologist said it was likely a cot death .
Adam Deacon, 32, appeared in court over allegations against Noel Clarke. Court hears abusive tweets were sent from actor's account to Mr Clarke. Some of them 'amounted to death threats' made against his former friend. Deacon denies harassment without violence against Kidulthood writer .
Labour Party supporters most likely to get up and show off their moves. Voters for the Liberal Democrats prefer a window seat on a plane. Green Party fans more likely to take home the toiletries than others .
David Lammy said the SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with' Admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings over threat of SNP. Polls suggest the party is on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7. John Major will today warn that Britain faces a 'daily dose of blackmail'
Deputy leader Harriet Harman said policy would help millions of families. But proposal is likely to meet with backlash from some business leaders. Critics will argue firms cannot cope with more rights for employees .
A sneak peek at Amal Clooney's wardrobe reveals she spends thousands of pounds on chic designer outfits. Outfits she is pictured in below cost at least £66,900 but George Clooney's wife always appears effortlessly elegant. London-based lawyer often spotted across Europe in designer numbers including Prada, D&G or Stella McCartney .
Jonathan Trott has struggled on his Test comeback against West Indies. Ben Stokes took to Twitter to voice his frustration with a no-ball call. Former England Rugby 2015 chief executive Debbie Jevans has made her first public appearance since that Twickenham storm .
Sir Stirling Moss won 212 races during 14-year career before 1962 crash. He said half-bottle of wine and 77 press-ups a day were secret to longevity. The 85-year-old, who lives in London, now drives electric Renault Twizy .
A new poll has asked Brits and Americans questions about the royal baby. Both nationalities favour a girl and want her to be a good role model. UK's top names are Charlotte and Alice, while US likes Diana and Elizabeth .
Bishop Robert Finn failed to notify police about a suspected child abuser. He waited months before telling authorities about Reverend Shawn Ratigan. In 2012, Finn plead guilty to a misdemeanor charge and was given probation. He is now the highest-ranking church official  convicted of sex abuse-related charges. Children's rights advocates have called on Pope Francis to do even more .
Barcelona face PSG in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Lionel Messi comes into Wednesday's match in incredible form. He has 45 goals in 44 games and is one short of 400 for Barca. Messi said he is happy and 'back to my best' after poor 2014. Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could line up together in UEFA All-Star match .
Match will take place at South Africa's Ellis Park Stadium on August 1. The encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format. Chris Paul will lead Team World with Luol Deng skippering Team Africa. NBA coaches Mike Budenholzer and Gregg Popovich will be in attendance. More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA since two-time NBA champion Hakeem Olajuwon was drafted in 1984 .
Ukip's support has fallen in nine out of 10 marginal seats, poll shows. Support for Nigel Farage's party has more than halved in two seats. Comes after leaked poll showed the Ukip leader on course to lose in Thanet. Nationwide support for Ukip has fallen by 25% over the last six months .
Dayna Dobias, 19, has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk. She loves TV, film and fashion, and says she’s not happy with how people with disabilities are represented. The teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
400 extra officers drafted in by the British Transport Police this weekend. Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds will all be in London. United face Chelsea and Leeds travel to Charlton Athletic on Saturday. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium .
Amy Hughes, 26, broke the world record with her 53:53 challenge. The sports therapist from Shropshire has raised £30,000 for charity. Now she's found love with the man who helped her see it all through .
Rita, 24, has designed range for adidas Originals. Designs are inspired by Asian culture, she tells FEMAIL. Star says she's excited to see what the future holds for her .
Aubrey de Grey, 51, believes he will unlock secrets to huge advances in life. The former Harrow School and Cambridge scholar is a biomedical theorist. He has a hugely rich and influential following in Calfornia's Silicon Valley. Raised in Chelsea, he inherited £11million when his mother passed away. It's been invested in his Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence. The eccentric claims: 'Aging is a disease that can and should be cured'
Singaporean A*Star scholarship recipient Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, is accused of slipping paraformaldehyde to several fellow students. Ouyang has confessed to poisoning two classmates, as well as herself, in what she's called a cry for help. She is charged with four felony poisonings--which could carry 2 to 8 years--and was expected to use an insanity defense. Ouyang won the prestigious scholarship in 2013 for her outstanding performance as an undergrad at Imperial College London .
The Millers fielded on-loan Farrend Rawson in 1-0 win against Brighton. Derby defender's youth loan extension wasn't handled correctly. Rotherham now just one point ahead of the Championship bottom three .
"It is meaningless to congratulate me or others" because deal not final, Ayatollah says. President Hassan Rouhani: Iran will not surrender to bullying, sanctions. U.S. lawmaker: Bill to ease sanctions does not stand a chance in House or Senate .
Mazzy was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and brought her to tears of joy. Mazzy, who just turned four, suffers from Spina Bifida and is paralyzed from the waist down. The crew of the airplane made Mazzy a crown from pretzels and a birthday cake made from toilet paper .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go toe-to-toe on May 2 in Vegas. Pacquiao shared a video of his morning run as he continued his training. Mayweather also shared a video of his late-night training routine. READ: Muhammad Ali hopes Pacquiao beats Mayweather. CLICK HERE for the latest Pacquiao vs Mayweather news .
Incredible footage of an 'apocalyptic' sandstorm in Belarus has gone viral. It shows a city being plunged into darkness as a storm blocks out the sun. The sandstorm caused electricity cuts and forced 100,000 people indoors. It brought with it a cold front and heavy rain that damaged buildings .
Luke Shambrook, 11, was found after he went missing on Good Friday. The autistic boy was reunited with his rescuers in a Melbourne hospital. Some members of his search and rescue team visited him on Wednesday. Doctors are amazed at how well he is doing considering his four-day ordeal. The boy was suffering from dehydration, hypothermia and exhaustion. Luke went missing in Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne .
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner for England U21s against Germany. Southampton youngster practices free kicks like David Beckham and his childhood idol Steven Gerrard. Saints boss Ronald Koeman has been giving him tips on dead balls .
Joel Parker, 33, was riding the bus in St Johns County, Florida. Police said he threatened the driver and was disruptive during the ride. As he got off the bus he offered the candy bar to the driver, who declined. He was arrested for battery and is never allowed to ride the bus again .
Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at filmmakers of Difret for using her story. Miss Bekele was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. Film was screened at Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict. Last year, Miss Bekele won injunction banning it being shown in Ethiopia .
Real Housewives Of New Jersey star has had his driving license suspended for two years and was fined the maximum of $10,000. State judge called his driving record the worst he's ever seen - it included 39 license suspensions. Guilty plea included an 18-month sentence that will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes. Wife Teresa currently serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges and he will begin his sentence when hers is over .
Joanna Flynn, 50, also charged with criminal negligence causing death. 'This should never have happened', widower of alleged victim tells media. Deanna Leblanc died last year at Georgian Bay General Hospital, Ontario .
Former PM John Howard's car was left with a flat tyre recently in Sydney. Felicity Waterford was waiting at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she spotted the black car in front. She hopped out to offer assistance when she realised it was Mr Howard. Before they raced off Ms Waterford convinced him to pose for a selfie. It comes weeks after Education Minister Christopher Pyne was challenged to change car tyre on live television after claiming to be a 'fixer'
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit  against the city of Ferguson. Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014. The shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national 'Black Lives Matter' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .
Chelsea starlets Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown also took part in celebrations. Quartet played a game of kick-ups with the twist of Songkran traditions. Songkran festival is celebrated by Thais by throwing water at each other. Brown captained Chelsea Under 19s to UEFA Youth League success. READ: Courtois targets Premier League glory for Chelsea .
Utrecht briefly had twelve players on the pitch against Ajax on Sunday. Winger Edouard Duplan hadn't realised he had been substituted. Frenchman saw funny side and made his way off the pitch during 1-1 draw .
The video was filmed over 45 minutes at Bardwell Park station in Sydney. It shows the rising flood water taking over the train tracks. Sydney's two-day total rain fall totalled about 225mm on Wednesday. The flooding caused a partial closure of the airport train line .
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca Degrafreed, 47, last July. The victim had married Degrafreed in 2006 after he was released from prison for shooting dead his first wife in 1994 .
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick against Sunderland last week. The Crystal Palace star is the wishlist of clubs for during the summer. Alan Pardew warns his admirers that Bolasie will cost them at least £20m .
Sir Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling's hour record this year. He will race at London's Olympic Velodrome in front of 6,000 fans in June. Wiggins will ride in next month's Tour de Yorkshire. He is also targeting his eighth Olympic medal at the Rio 2016 games .
Ben Flower returned from his six-month ban on Thursday night. Wales forward made first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final. 27-year-old received a brilliant reception during's Wigan's 30-20 victory against Warrington .
More than 70 animals were found living in disgusting conditions in Arizona. One cat was found dead and many were suffering with medical problems. Belonged to John Koepke who is banned from keeping any pets until May. He is now facing charges of failing to provide shelter and veterinary bills .
Ian Poulter is on holiday just weeks before the first major of the year. But Poulter insists he will return fit and ready for assault on Augusta. The golfer has secured two top-10 finishes at Augusta in the last five years. He admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled .
Erik Compton has had two heart transplants, the last in 2008. Compton, now on his third heart, is ready to make his Augusta debut. The 35-year-old is also a campaigner for charity Donate Life. His first Masters appearance coincides with Donate Life Month .
Shortly after being presented with his green jacket, new Masters champion Jordan Spieth gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours in New York. Then, despite his fatigue, the 21-year-old flew to South Carolina to keep a promise and play in the Heritage tournament - his fourth event in a row. By contrast, players on the European Tour have not shown the same sort of unwavering commitment to the sport. Ian Poulter, Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia have decided not to play at the BMW PGA Championship being staged at Wentworth next month .
Lucy and Lydia star in beauty campaign for  fake tan brand Sunkissed. Both say it was 'really lovely' to work together on the shoot. Lucy says she loves the waist she works hard to achieve. Admits she is jealous of her teen sister's long legs .
New Zealand recently changed how they calculate child support figures. Some parents are outraged, labelling the changes as 'unreasonable' One parent said he quit his job so he wouldn't have to face a $600 increase. He said after he halved his income, his payment dropped by two thirds .
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, which owns Three. Global network will let users make calls in any country at no extra cost. Google's Sundar Pichai confirmed rumours of a network in February. Instead of building masts Google is said to be looking at becoming a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO)
Mary Cowan, 92, has generously left share of £2million fortune to charities. Former teacher said in will £325,000 should  help poor children go to school. Other groups to benefit include Blind Veterans UK and The Salvation Army. Money also left to Alzheimer Scotland, children's hospital and churches .
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour. Posted the mocked-up image advertising a cheap drinks night on Facebook. 32-year-old was found guilty of insulting religion despite apologising .
Reanne Evans attempted to become first woman to qualify for Crucible. The 10-time world ladies' champion was beaten by Ken Doherty. Barry Hearn says that Evans will not receive a season-long tour wildcard .
Education Secretary suggests she would not be 'happy to serve' with Ukip. Condemns Farage over his attack on migrants with HIV coming to UK. Ukip leader admits support for his party has 'slipped back' in recent weeks. Cameron urges Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives .
Openly-gay high school junior, Anthony Martinez, had reached his wits' end trying to find a 'boy date' In a bid to find a suitor for his May 2 dance in Nevada, he tuned to Twitter. He was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. He was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered global attention .
Mark Selby leads Kurt Maflin 6-3 and needs only four more frames to win. No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy. Selby and Maflin shared the first four frames before Selby pulled away. Marco Fu leads Jimmy Robertson 5-4 after break of 66 in final frame .
Nigel Farage called on Tories to vote tactically in seats they cannot win. He also dropped demand Tories ditch Cameron before post election deal. Ukip leader said many were closer to position of wanting an EU referendum. Farage says he's held informal talks with Tories about post election deal .
Some observers applaud Abbott's beer swilling in a pub full of sportsmen. The Prime Minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in Australia .
The town of Garnet in Montana was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver. At its peaked there were about 1,000 residents, but Garnet was ravaged by fire in 1912 and later deserted. Locals believe it is haunted with the spirits of former residents, especially children. The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is looking for workers to operate Garnet as a tourist stop. There is no electricity or plumbing, but they would be paid and given food and housing. The BLM was inundated with responses after an ad was placed in the local newspaper .
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible" brain damage, her grandmother says. "We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time," Cissy Houston says. Bobby Brown, her father, had said at a concert that she was "awake"
Bronze buckle and whistle from AD 600 found in Cape Espenberg. But bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska. Scientists believe artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia. Site may have been home to 'Birnirk' culture, whose people travelled on both sides of the Bering Strait .
Mohammed Emwazi wanted to join al-Shabaab in Somalia, source claims. Stopped in 2009 after flying to Africa and was put on flight back home. Source claims he intended to go back, but did not after friends were killed. Bilal al-Berjawi and Mohammed Sakr died during drone strikes in 2012. The same year Emwazi travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State .
Russian intelligence chiefs took part in secret meeting with U.S. officials. Outlined three potential flashpoints that could lead to all-out nuclear war. Said attempts to return Crimea to Ukraine will be dealt with as an invasion. Also demanded Nato breaks up so called 'rapid response force' in the Baltic and stops arming those fighting pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine .
Clint Gee travelled six hours to place his mother's ashes with his father. Mr Gee forced to dig hole himself, after council 'co-ordination error' Had organised with council to reunite his mother and father in same plot. 'It was shattering... I got out there and there was no hole dug,' Mr Gee said .
World No 1 Mark Selby defeated Gary Wilson 10-2 on Sunday. Selby earned his sixth ranking title and £85,000 in prize money. The Leicester cueman overcame a neck issue to win the tournament .
Grigor Dimitrov plays Gael Monfils in Monte Carlo Masters quarter-final. World No 9 Stan Wawrinka looked listless and disinterested in the defeat. Defending champion didn't get on the board until the match's fifth game .
Kieron Power took photographs of police vehicles parked in a bus stand. Delivery driver's wife was given a ticket for doing the same a week earlier. On the drive home, Mr Power was pulled over under anti-terror laws. He was questioned and ordered to delete the photos - but he refused .
It has been suggested the idea is part of move to smarten up Tesco stores. Industry insider says 'sweaty, overweight workers' are putting shoppers off. Among the advice tips is to get dancing in stores or have walking meetings .
Craig Roberts, 36, went to Chadderton Post Office to top up electric meter. But staff said he would not be served unless he left his guide dog outside. Mr Roberts was born with glaucoma and has 30 per cent vision in one eye. He was eventually served after a ten minute standoff with an employee .
PM says a minority Labour administration would be propped up by the SNP. Latest poll shows the Conservatives have nudged 3% ahead of Labour. Mr Cameron said a Tory victory was needed 'effectively to save Britain'
The giant mansion used to film the hit show Empire is on the market for $13 million following a price drop. The 20,000 square feet French Country-style estate took five years to build. The five bedroom, nine bathroom house features waterfront views, custom woodwork and lots of space for entertaining. Fit for a mogul, the house is  owned by strip club owner Sam Cecola .
John Carver's Newcastle United have lost their last five matches. Newcastle are nine points above 18th-placed Queens Park Rangers. Carver has warned his side that they must start to pick up points .
Biologists at Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany, studied skin healing in fruit fly embryos using an electron microscope to watch what happened. Skin cells use microscopic tubes to pull towards each other and interlock. Researchers hope it may help develop new treatments to speed up healing .
Google Handwriting Input works on Android phones and tablets. Handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. Works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus .
Lorry left roof suspended on hedge behind it near Birdlip, Gloucestershire. Police officer tweeted picture as warning to other drivers on country roads. Driver may now be prosecuted for motoring offence after police attended .
AppleInsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer. Apple significantly improved the battery life on its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. But it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only don't last a day .
Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' Mr Umunna claimed Mr Farage had failed to tackle the racists in his party. Intervention comes after Mr Farage was dragged into a fresh race storm. National Front members campaigned for him in South Thanet constituency .
Ben Jones-Bishop impressed by scoring solo try against the Warriors. Jones-Bishop extended lead as Salford's leading scorer of the campaign. Both Salford and Wigan finished the match with 12 men .
Liam Plunkett enjoyed a return to the England Test fold  last year. He wants to continue his resurgence against the West Indies. He has recovered from an ankle injury that hampered his pre-season .
Koral Reef, 20, died last year after a horrifying and protracted battle against the little-understood parasite Balamuthia mandrillaris. Reef was wed to her high school sweetheart in July 2013 just months before she began showing symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck. Reef's mother Sybil Meister believes Reef picked up the amoeba on a trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013 -- she was dead by October 2014 .
Allan Donald served as South Africa bowling coach since 2011. Donald said 'it was always a big dream' to work in South African cricket. Chief executive Haroon Lorgat said Donald will 'always be a stalwart'
Prelate's online lover approached church about alleged improper conduct. Claimed to have evidence Italian priest was having sex with prostitutes. Also said the priest took part in explicit gay web chats and sexual role play. He allegedly made lovers pretend to be Judas so he could 'punish' them .
Valencia claimed a 3-0 derby victory at home to Levante on Monday. Singapore-owned club moved to within a point of Atletico Madrid .
Jennifer Lawless: There's a strong temptation to view Hillary Clinton's candidacy as all about cracking the glass ceiling for women. She says the reality is that most people will vote not on gender but on the economy and partisanship .
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning. He was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly Robarge. Robarge has already served two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years .
State department has banned Safer Hassan's license plate '370H55V' It has been on his Lamborghini for three years without any problems. Now Texas Department for Motor Vehicles have banned 'offensive' plates .
Liverpool seven points off fourth place after 4-1 defeat by Arsenal. Reds take on Blackburn in FA Cup quarter-final replay on Tuesday night. Manager Brendan Rodgers insists the club are not in crisis .
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood both impressed in the nets on Sunday. Moeen Ali is also appearing to bowl without discomfort after joining squad. England were missing an X-factor as the first Test fizzled out in a draw. And selectors must decide whether to freshen things up for second match .
Celebrity Big Brother contestant, 40, says vessels 'need pushing back' She asks radio listeners: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?' Hundreds dead after boat overturned off Libya at midnight yesterday. Miss Hopkins called 'vile racist' and 'manifestation of toxic hate culture'
Leroy Fer has not played since damaging knee ligaments in mid-February. QPR boss Chris Ramsey hopes he will make the squad to face West Ham. Defenders Richard Dunne and Yun Suk-Young have returned from injury .
England denied first tour win since December 2012 by stubborn hosts. Alastair Cook rues missed opportunity at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium. Jason Holder hit a century to frustrate the tourists on day five. England could only take five of the eight wickets needed to lead the series. Tourists now head to Grenada for the start of the second Test on Tuesday .
Midfielder fires a warning to his detractors that he is now back to his best. Iniesta ran from his own half to set up Neymar's opener in 2-0 win. World Cup winner had recorded zero assists this season prior to Tuesday. Neymar and Andres Iniesta star men for Barca in 2-0 win over PSG .
Incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has handled the potential return of Kevin Pietersen very poorly. Graves has pitched several outlandish ideas about reducing Test matches to four days. He should focus his attention on addressing the England fixture congestion .
Schoolboy Bradley Parkes, 16, discovered hanging in woods in Coventry. Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on the teen after raising the alarm. Bradley's mother said he had been bullied and terrorised by gang. Says her son is now out of coma and thanked the girls who found him .
Faith and Hope Howie were born with one body and two faces on May 8. They tragically died in hospital just 19 days after they were born. Parents Simon Howie and Renee Young visit their grave at Pinegrove in western Sydney fortnightly. They arrived on Thursday to find the grave bare of all the girls' mementos. Staff had cleared entire baby section and thrown belongings in rubbish .
Interest in the hit BBC series Poldark has given Cornwall's tourism and housing market a boost. Estate agents said they have seen a rise in interest from fans who are interested in purchasing a second home. Beachfront property near Portreath has seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms .
CF-18 Hornets bomb a garrison near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Canada says. The Canadian military has conducted dozens of strikes against ISIS in Iraq .
Due date believed to have been between last Wednesday and yesterday. Kate, 33, plans to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London. She may have already spoken to doctors about option of being induced. Bookmaker's 6/1 joint favourite for birth date is tomorrow and Tuesday .
Tennessee Supreme Court vacates execution dates for four men. Leroy Hall Jr, 48, Donald Wayne Strouth, 56, Nicholas Todd Sutton, 53, and Abu-Ali Abdur’Rahman, 64, all faced upcoming death. New executions stalled as states' new lethal injection methods scrutinized .
William Smith died four months after his mother lost battle with leukaemia. The 'brave' 14-year-old was found dead by his grandmother at his home. An inquest heard how he had settled back into school well following loss. Coroner ruled he was likely trying to play a prank when he died in August. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .
Several of Nepal's best known landmarks have been destroyed by the earthquake of April 25. But outside the capital Kathmandu there is hope that many have survived .
Michelle Mone bought Glasgow duplex after split with ex-husband Michael. Tycoon had extensive work done and the home is now worth £1million. She is selling and will move back into mansion she shared with Michael. Couple put the five-bedroom 'dream home' on market following 2011 split .
Patricia Ebel, 49, was arrested on Friday after crashing her luxary BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida. She was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests. Ebel had been driving her 10-year-old grandson in the vehicle after a day at the pool. She is facing DUI charges including driving with a .15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car .
Ralph Body was once a beloved figure at the front desk of the building 27 on 27th in Queens. The concierge says he was fired last week and now believes it was because he was too willing to help affluent tenants--even after his shifts. Some tenants are gathering signatures to get 41-year-old Body reinstated as the building's ever-effervescent doorman .
Kevin Blandford's 'sad face' photo album has gone viral on the internet. Photos have been viewed more than two million times on Imgur. He won the trip through his workplace but his wife wasn't able to join him. Kevin told MailOnline Travel that the getaway wasn't as bad as it looked .
NGO where Lo Porto works describes him as a lively, positive man with lots of friends. London university  says he was a "popular student ... committed to helping others" He was killed in a U.S. counterterrorism strike in January, authorities say .
Australia will face England and Wales in Pool A at the World Cup. The Wallabies pack was taken apart by England at Twickenham last year. Michael Cheika cites Mike Brown and Jonathan Joseph as key threats. Sam Burgess will feature for England at tournament, says Cheika. Cheika met Matt Giteau this week to discuss his involvement .
Mrs. Clinton enjoyed some downtime in Chappaqua, New York, with husband ahead of her two-day swing through New Hampshire this week. The aspiring leader of the free world and the former leader of the free world were spotted strolling hand-in-hand as they soaked up the sun. Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed. Clinton starts second leg of her endeavor to win the vote of 'everyday' Americans. But  report shows she makes more money for an hour's worth of work than the country's top CEOs .
Melbourne model Sharky Jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria. He fled to the Middle East last year to fight with Islamic State with a friend. Sharky's father confirmed his son's death while relatives posted tributes. Family were told on Monday by friends via a text message and phone call .
Sophia, the daughter of a lesbian, explains how two mothers are able to have a baby. Video was posted on a lifestyle website for lesbian moms, gay dads, single parents and adoptive families. The first-grader also put together a series of illustrations to accompany the clip .
British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands. Could be worth billions of pounds and increase fears of renewed conflict. Comes days after minister warned of 'very live threat' from Argentina. Argentina says it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands .
Mark Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000, on Friday. It was initially believed she choked to death, but a new autopsy determined she had been suffocated in a homicidal manner. The couple's two adult daughters testified against their father during the trial, noting his odd behavior. As he was led away, deputies began yelling, with one saying 'drop it, drop it' The courthouse was placed on lockdown , and Faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound. It is not known what he used as deputies do not carry guns .
Stefania La Greca is standing for election for the Lega Sud Ausonia party. She has posted dozens of selfies and pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis. But the stunning 36-year-old denied she was using her looks to get votes .
Airbus are increasing their seats from 10 to 11 seats in every row. The addition will see Airbus creating a fourth cheaper class called Choice. The change is to be launched in 2017 on the Airbus 380 model. Airbus state the move is to reflect 90 per cent of fliers using economy. Thankfully seat widths will remain at  the standard 18 inches .
Prime Minister hailed charity work of the Church across the country. He also condemned persecution of Christians following massacre in Kenya. Mr Cameron's praise for the Church comes after bishops attacked Coaltion .
Ted Cruz and Ben Carson want the charity to return every dollar its received from foreign governments since its launch in 2001. Bum rush came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton was the country's chief diplomat. Cruz said: 'Having raised tens of millions of dollars from foreign nations presents a clear conflict of interest for anyone running for President' Carson said they 'should they definitely give back the money and cease accepting foreign donations, but should also make every effort to find missing documents that would shed light if in fact they are innocent' Carly Fiorina said, 'It's the Clinton way: raking in millions from foreign governments behind closed doors while making promises about transparency that they never intended to keep'
Kevin Franklin left his 80-year-old victim without any money to buy milk. Meanwhile fraudster funded dream Alps wedding with eight-years of thefts. Franklin said he needed money for failing business and after family deaths. When he was arrested the fraudster had told police: 'I played him' Jailed for nearly five years despite Franklin saying he's 'terrified' of prison .
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday. He was the assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party. Militia group collaborated with Pakistani army in 1971 independence war. His supporters slammed the decision and have called for a protest .
GRAPHIC IMAGE WARNING. Max Verschuuren, 21, is lucky to be alive after friend mistook him for a deer. Grisly photographs show his gaping, bloody gunshot wound. His hunting mate believed his dim headlight was the glint of a deer's eyes. 'I said, "f***en' stop, that's me!"'
Rapa Nui people placed red stone 'hats' or pukao on some of the statues. Oregon University say they may have used ramps to raise the stones. The team used physics to model possible methods of raising the 'hats' Some 100 pukao have been found on the remote  island in the Pacific Ocean .
Lucas Leiva was injured for Liverpool's three Wembley games in 2012. He hopes to feature in the semi-final against Aston Villa on April 19. Simon Mignolet believes victory over Blackburn vital after two defeats. READ: Steven Gerrard's FA Cup dream at Wembley  remains a reality. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
The 'Kate effect' has seen rise in profits of British fashion house Seraphine. Duchess of Cambridge has worn high street label during both pregnancies. Popular choices include £195 cashmere coat and a £46 fuchsia wrap dress. Fans now camping outside St Mary's Hospital awaiting birth of royal baby .
Tourists posted a video of themselves dragging a shark onto shore. The clip shows them catching the huge shark with a fishing line on a New Zealand beach. They stand just centimetres away from the beast who thrashes angrily. Catching and releasing a shark is a legal sport in New Zealand. It's crucial right techniques are used for safety of fisherman and shark. The shark should not be touch minimally, but in the video the tourists drag the shark in and pose for photos holding the creature .
Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager. Was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in his bag. Pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it. 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months in jail, suspended for two years .
Taffee the Shetland pony had to be put down after the breeze block attack. Tiny pony's skull was caved in and concrete was found embedded in brain. Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, groomed her horse every day. Mother says epileptic toddler 'has lost her best friend and is devastated' WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to La Liga giants Barcelona. However Gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the Nou Camp. The striker joined Fiorentina in 2013 for a fee believed to be over £17m .
Colin Mcinerney, 28, was allegedly beaten outside Darwin McDonald's. He says he gestured at family on Friday night  thinking they were his friends. Colin pulled up at McDonald's drive-through before the other driver got out and allegedly started bashing him. Windscreen wipers and bottles were allegedly used to beat him. Police say the two vehicles pulled up at traffic lights and 35-year-old man took offence to Colin's gesture. Colin, the 35-year-old man and his 36-year-old female companion were all arrested over the incident but later released without charge .
Philip Kirby was jailed for eight years in 2011 for raping Gemma Redhead. The 32-year-old raped his former partner and mother of his child at knifepoint and was jailed and banned from contacting her for life. He was released from prison after three years and phoned Ms Redhead, who was left terrified and feeling trapped by call from her former partner. Kirby has been returned to prison and will not be released until 2023 .
Cast will become filming in London, France and Bahamas in the autumn. Saunders spurred on to write script after £10,000 bet with Dawn French. 56-year-old, who plays Edina, said Joanna Lumley wanted to 'do it before we die'
Former face of NBC Nightly News was suspended for lying about Iraq. Falsely claimed he was in military helicopter downed by RPG fire. Bosses began investigation into other tall tales in wake of scandal. NBC's CEO reportedly told in recent briefing that 11 instances emerged. Include seemingly overblown claims about reporting on the Arab Spring .
Neil Tuckett's  newest model on his forecourt is  90 years old - but he is still selling one Model T every week. His cars are popular with the public as well as the TV and film industry, including the makers of Downton Abbey. Customers love the Model T because they don't require need road tax or an MOT and are cheap to  maintain. He said: 'They're like a giant meccano set really, and so beautifully simple and reliable they just won't let you down'
The video app launched last Thursday, but early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the technology. App developer Justin Esgar told Daily Mail Online that Periscope present numerous dangers to children. He warned that parents will have to 'try and control' the various 'land mines' present within the app's system .
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, has been charted with prohibited use of a computer .
Zeta Beta Tau students are being investigated for the 'disgusting' acts. Have been accused of the deplorable acts at the Warrior Beach Retreat. Is designed to give ex-servicemen a relaxing break in Panama City, Florida. University of Florida and Emory University branches were there at the time. They allegedly ripped flags off cars and threw items off balconies. Three students from University of Florida have been expelled. Both fraternities have suspended all of their university activities .
Rajpal Singh, 34, had become depressed and began eating metal objects. Over three years he swallowed around 140 coins, 150 nails and more. Says he didn't realise this habit could be the cause of his stomach aches. Has undergone 240 procedures to remove objects - but some still remain .
People aged under 30 currently represent a staggering 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million citizens. The Westernised Iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the Islamic world. The young also represent one of the greatest long-term threats to the current form of theocratic rule in Iran .
The defense petition to return Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility she was initially sent to was denied on Friday. Jamie Silvonek has been charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend Caleb Barnes, 20, is charged with homicide. Cheryl Silvonek's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia. Authorities said Silvonek met Barnes when she was 13 but said she was 17. Before the killing Silvonek allegedly texted Barnes 'I want her gone'
The former Illinois governor has been photographed in prison for the first time since starting his 14 year sentence in 2012. As a politican he was famed for his boot polish black hair, but nowadays he has let his hair return to its natural white color. Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008. He continues to await word of a last-ditch appeal and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates .
Zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants in South Africa. Attackers have targeted foreigners and their businesses .
Conor McDonnell is the young photographer behind Instagram's most liked photo. 23-year-old has snapped the likes of Calvin Harris, Drake, and Justin Bieber .
Former QPR manager says Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool. Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at the club. Steve McManaman brands Sterling interview 'ridiculous' and 'baffling'
Alex Pritchard puts Brentford ahead with stunning curling shot. Brentford dominate but fail to take chances to add second goal. Darren Bent pokes home from close range in 92nd minute .
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night. Win was 57th of the season for Eastern Conference leaders. Hawks' Paul Millsap suffers a shoulder injury in first half. Boston Celtics beat Toronto Raptors in overtime to boost play-off hopes. West leaders Golden State Warriors see off Dallas Mavericks 123-110 .
Man United have an eight-point cushion from fifth-place Liverpool. Van Gaal looks likely to deliver on his promise of top four finish. But the Dutchman has a three-year vision mapped out. Next season will have to see United mount sustained challenge for title. They must also reach the later stages of the Champions League .
Atletico Madrid 0-0 Real Madrid: Click here for Martin Samuel's report. Jan Oblak was the difference between a defeat and a clean sheet. The Atletico goalkeeper denied Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez. READ: Mario Mandzukic the new Diego Costa for Atletico Madrid?
Dustin Irons was appearing in court via video-link on a large TV screen. Indecently exposed himself when he was unhappy with court proceedings. Unamused judge added 30 days to his sentence for the lewd gesture .
Christian Trousedale was seen helping elderly man home from shops. Aldi worker, 18, held 95-year-old's hand as he carried his shopping bag. His act of kindness went viral and has been 'liked' by more than 250,000. One customer saw Trousedale at work and hugged him in the Aldi store. Mr Trousedale said he's 'blown away' by the reaction to the simple act .
Men were executed on a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria, ISIS claimed. Sick video shows the executioner's sword being sharpened before killings. Prisoners were shackled in chains and dressed in orange jumpsuits. Just one day after  30 Ethiopian Christians were shot and beheaded in Libya .
Choupette earned £2million in fees and has over 100,000 Twitter followers. French cats earnings outstripped those of supermodel Cara Delevingne. Karl Lagerfeld compared his pet to Hollywood legend 'Greta Garbo'
On April 16, Molly Parks was found in the bathroom of the New Hampshire pizza restaurant where she worked with a needle still in her arm. Her family wrote an honest obituary announcing her death and detailing her 'bad decisions including experimenting with drugs' She had been addicted for 5 years and previously had a near-fatal overdose. Her family said they are sharing her story as a warning to other families and to plead with them 'to stay on top' of their loved ones with addictions .
Journalist Jonathan Maitland is confident the public is prepared for drama. An Audience with Jimmy Savile to open in June starring Alistair McGowan. The actor is best known for his comedic impressions of celebrities. Previously portrayed Savile in his popular BBC series The Big Impression. Lawyer acting on behalf of Savile's victims said they were happy with play. But some critics condemned subject choice as 'not right' and 'unbelievable'
Darren Bent currently on loan at Derby County from Aston Villa. Former England striker was frozen out at Villa under Paul Lambert. Bent now says he could be back next season having had 'discussions' Bent worked with manager Tim Sherwood at Tottenham .
Susan and Mike Fortuna of Shelburne, Vermont say their daughter Mandy suffered an unexplained health deterioration soon after treatment. The parents learned their daughter had been treated by the same doctor who previously caused a 7-year-old boy to overdose, lawyers say. In that case, Botox maker Allergan was forced to pay the family nearly $7million .
Zinedine Zidane has revealed his admiration for Chelsea's Eden Hazard. Zidane said he likes him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. Hazard is one of the main reasons Chelsea will win the league, says Zidane .
54% want Sturgeon kept out of UK government, 59% oppose the SNP. Sturgeon launched manifesto with £140billion demand for more spending. Cameron warns Labour-SNP government is a 'match made in hell' for UK. Lib Dems are most popular smaller governing party in hung parliament .
Tim Stanley: Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption. He's an ex-dictator, but there's reason for optimism. He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption, poverty and rise of Boko Haram. Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
Andy Flower guided England to three Ashes wins over Australia. Former team director also led England to the world No 1 ICC ranking. Andrew Strauss is a front-runner to becoming director of England Cricket .
Dietitian Sophie Claessens picks the latest 'miracle' foods from fads. Charcoal to 'detox', while freekah is new supergrain on the culinary scene. Fermented foods like pickled cabbage act like a probiotic yoghurt. And spiralizers to create vegetable spaghetti can help boost weight loss .
Company in Texas has been asked to develop its revolutionary engine. Ad Astra's Vasimr engine could apparently get to Mars in 39 days. It is one of 12 advanced technology projects to be funded by Nasa. Others include new types of habitation and small deep space satellites .
His Blue Origin company completed a successful test in West Texas. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles before landing. It was unmanned but will ultimately take six people into space. The launch was conducted in secrecy before being released to the public .
Fernando Hierro reckons Real Madrid can win the Champions League again. The club legend believes winning the trophy is in the club's genes. Carlo Ancelotti's men face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. The week-long festival marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ culminating in Easter Sunday. The event has been met with awe-inspiring and shocking displays of faith from Christians across five continents. In Philippines, the week sees thousands of penitents beaten bloody on the streets as part of 13th century tradition .
Youssouf Mulumbu has revealed votes for the Player of the Year awards. West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane for the main award. Eden Hazard was selected by Mulumbu for the young player award .
The SPFL have announced their post-split fixtures. Celtic will not play another Saturday league fixture this season. They face nearest rivals Aberdeen at Pittodrie on Sunday, May 10 .
Jeremy Clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked. He claimed the upside was that he could now swear without punishment. Clarkson also mistook a male bidder for a female during charity gig. He later joked to the Cotswolds crowd that he was 'trawling the job centre'
The ancient jewels belonged to novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard. She is famous for the Cazalet Chronicles and marriage to Kingsley Amis. The collection includes ancient Egyptian hair rings dating from 1550 B.C. Howard, who died in January 2014, often wore the jewellery. In total, the pieces, some of which are 3,500 years old, are worth £20,000 .
Seven-year-old boy has died on family skiing holiday in Flaine, French Alps. Police believe Carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death after leaving ski slope. It is understood he was looking for his parents when he took a wrong turn. Got lost on piste and fell down cliff after taking off skis to try and find them .
Dr Ellen Gallant battled to save the lives of those injured in avalanche. Spoke of her devastation seeing a 25-year-old Sherpa die in front of her. Earthquake sparked by devastating 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal. Four Americans among 18 people dead after huge avalanche on Everest .
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 in La Liga on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the Spanish giants. Ronaldo was also booked for diving in the area but it appeared unfair. Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Ronaldo. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Messenger is expected to hit the surface of Mercury on April 30. Probe has been orbiting Mercury since 2011, taking 250,000 pictures. Latest image shows features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters .
Tesco's dress is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. The cheaper materials mean the £80 gown can be handwashed at home. Similar low-priced gowns are now also available on the High Street. It reflects growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs .
Cheryl Prudham, 33, from Kent, planning to renew vows with husband Rob. Pair splashing out on hotel, gown, limousine and casino gambling money. Even wants to try for 13th child there so she can boast it is conceived in LA. Comes just weeks after pair reunited following split over Mr Prudham's indecent Facebook messages .
Center for Campus Involvement announced cancellation Tuesday in response to complaints about portrayals of Arabs in the film. Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui started a petition saying the subject of the film, late Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, was 'mass killer' and 'a racist' University apologized and said American Sniper will be replaced at Friday's mixer with PG-rated children's film Paddington. Conservative student group started competing petition calling on U of M to screen the Iraq War drama. Football coach Jim Harbaugh weighed in and said the team was 'proud' of Chris Kyle and would screen the film for players .
Sawyer Sweeten shot himself while visiting family in Texas yesterday. Played Geoffrey Barone on hit show alongside twin brother and older sister. The show's star Ray Romano said he was 'shocked, and terribly saddened' His sister Madylin posted on Facebook: 'At this time I would like to encourage everyone to reach out to the ones you love'
Yulia Tarbath, 33, continued regular workouts and raw vegan diet. Returned to starting weight of 8st just two weeks after birth. Baby daughter weighed 7lb 5oz and Yulia says she'd do it all again. Experts say leading vegan lifestyle is unhealthy during pregnancy .
Vonda Thedford, 55, said she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter. However, wildlife experts who studied the animal's skeleton told Fox News it appears to be that of a young dog .
Steve Miller is on a mission to tackle Britain’s obesity crisis. The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming. Steve claims his interventions could save the country and the NHS millions .
Ryanair has informed passengers they cannot bring alcohol into the cabin. Decision follows a handful of incidents involving unruly behaviour. Passengers risk being kicked off the flight if they don't comply. Travellers' hand luggage will be searched before they board the plane. Fourteen men were kicked off a flight that diverted to an airport near Paris .
A man killed in a raid in the Philippines in January was a "most wanted" terrorist, the FBI says. Marwan was a Malaysian believed to have provided support to Islamist terror groups. 44 elite Philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last month .
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry partner Heather after cancer diagnosis. Couple married at Manchester register office but day was full of blunders. Guests forced to listen to wedding song 10 times in a row and venue dirty. Marriage certificate had spelling errors and wrong date and names .
Terry Cooper, 79, said a badger the size of a large pig burst through hedge. The pensioner from Somerset said his Jack Russell dragged him indoors. Fears he may have been attacked by the badger if his pet hadn't been there .
Jurors have started deliberations in the case against Pedro Hernandez, the man accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz in 1979. Assistant District Attorney Joan Illuzzi-Orbon asked jurors in the ten week trial to convict Hernandez of murder. She described him as a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it. The defense says Hernandez's admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ .
Women in India are street harassed, primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms. Elsa Marie D'Silva: It's time we speak up; we cannot accept harassment as part of our daily routine .
Roseanne Barr told the Daily Beast that she is slowly going blind. Barr said she has macular degeneration and glaucoma .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Mega-fight to become highest grossing pay-per-view event in sport. Mayweather's victory against Saul Alvarez currently tops the list. American fighter will pocket upwards of £111m if he goes the distance. Pacquiao could earn close to £62m if the fight last 12 rounds. READ: Sportsmail takes a look inside both boxers' training spots. CLICK HERE for  the latest Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao news .
Suma underwent a thorough health examination on Thursday to monitor the progress of her arthritis. Melbourne Zoo's aging orangutan was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013. The 36-year-old orangutan, who turns a year older in June, has arthritis in her hips and ankles. Zoo vets took the opportunity to give Suma a full check-up including her ears, teeth and eyes .
Australian couple who abandoned baby knew they were breaking the law. Documents reveal the Australian government had knowledge of the ordeal. Couple told staff they only wanted a baby girl to 'complete their family' It was feared the abandoned boy may have been sold .
Matthew Kenney, 34, said he smoked Flakka before he went streaking. Was arrested on Saturday after run through Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Drug is made from same version of stimulant used to produce bath salts. It causes  euphoria, hallucinations, psychosis and superhuman strength. Kenney has prior arrests and was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
The all-gender restroom opened in Eisenhower Executive Office Building. Facility is first of its kind at White House and is for staff and guests. Comes after executive order on LGBT workplace discrimination took effect .
Teana Walsh, assistant prosecutor in Wayne County, Michigan, wrote Facebook post. Said she watched violent rioters in Baltimore and found them 'disgusting' Suggested that shooting them was the only solution - then deleted post. Her bosses were forced to issue statement defending her .
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City crashed through airport fence on Monday. Police tried to stop the car with its bumper hanging before the chase. Greene was asked for his keys when he drove off and crashed into fences. He jumped out of his car and ran to a shed before being forced to ground. Greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting; he is also also being booked for property damage. Fence damages are estimated at $4,500 .
Ted Koran was missing his recently deceased wife Karen on Saturday night. The Florida Air Force veteran says he kept on being put through to recorded messages. Only the thought of the 60 rescue animals he and his wife cared for kept him alive. Both ran Florida wildlife sanctuary called The Critter Place .
Van was driving down dual carriageway near coastal city of Salé, Morocco. Footage shows the moment it starts repeatedly swerving across two lanes. Video taken by following motorist captures van crashing down on its side .
Attorney General Eric Holder sent out the memo to DOJ workers on Friday. He said violating agency policy could lead to suspension or termination. Employees are banned from hiring prostitutes when they are off-duty or in foreign countries. Inspector general's report found DEA agents had sex with prostitutes. Soliciting undermines effort 'to eradicate the scourge of human trafficking'
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Footage was released along with other key pieces of evidence. Video played in court shows truck pulling up to driveway of burger stand. His pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over Sloan's leg. The vehicle is then seen plowing over Carter, killing him. Other pieces of evidence included an hour-long interview with Cle 'Bone' Sloan, who survived being run over by the Death Row Records co-founder. A number of images taken immediately after his arrest were also released. Close-ups of his face were intended to show injuries he sustained after being punched by Sloan .
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months. She was five months pregnant when she went into the coma, and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family calls Baby L. When Giles opened her eyes her father showed her a photo of her son. Baby L weighed just two pounds when he was born and though he is still in the neonatal intensive care unit he now weighs over six pounds. Giles' prognosis is still not known, but she has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her coma or even live this long .
Football in Turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on Fenerbahce team bus on Saturday. The bus came under attack as it drove to the airport following the away match against Cayukr Rizespor which Fener won 5-1. Turkish official says two people have been detained by police .
Moussa Sissoko was sent off against Liverpool on Monday night. John Carver felt that Sissoko's second booking was worthy of a red card. Midfielder could be punished by his club on top of a two-game ban. Carver admits he is only concerned with results and not performances. Newcastle are 13th in the table, nine points off the relegation zone .
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0  in their Scottish Premiership clash on Good Friday. Leigh Griffiths was named among the Celtic substitutes for the match. Striker was caught eating a biscuit during the first 10 minutes of the match .
Emilia Clarke who plays Daenerys Targaryen will be central to series five. Female characters seem to outlive their male counterparts on the show. Last season saw several of the main male characters murdered horribly. Despite the carnage, Kit Harington, who plays Jon Snow is in series five .
Keurig Green Mountain's single-serve capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed. The company has also made $4.7 billion in revenue. 1/3 of homes in the US reportedly feature single-serve coffee machines. Keurig's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan has said 'Single serve, I think, found the hidden need - the need that people didn't know they had'
Real Madrid return to action at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night. They kept up the pressure on Barcelona with a 9-1 thrashing of Granada. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in the Bernabeu rout. Carlo Ancelotti now faces a selection poser ahead of Rayo visit. Isco and James Rodriguez are both fit and available again. Barcelona, four points clear, host Almeria on Wednesday night .
Nasser Hussain believes it's time to look at the structure of English cricket. Hussain believes Paul Downton is just the latest victim to take the flack. He feels the system is broken and desperately needs attention and fixing. Alastair Cook's sacking shows we are painfully slow to react problems .
WARNING: GRAPHIC VIDEO. Video of Eric Harris's shooting released by Tulsa County Sheriff's Office. Shows deputies chasing Harris, 44, through Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. They tackle him to ground; reserve deputy Robert Bates shouts 'Taser!' But instead of pulling out Taser, he takes out service weapon and fires. Bates says, 'I shot him! I'm sorry!', while Harris begins yelping in pain. Suspect, being held down by his neck, then says: 'I'm losing my breath' Other unidentified cops tell him, 'f*** your breath,' and 'shut the f*** up' Harris was later hospitalized, died an hour later; investigation ongoing .
Pennsylvania scientists find evidence that we might not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of entire stars. However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case .
Richie Sambora is about to be quizzed by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' his former fashion designer lover and business partner. She is a childhood friend of Kim Kardashian. Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats. Their joint venture collapsed at the last moment and Nikki went out on her own. Rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and daughter Ava .
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, 'allowed her 16-year-old daughter and her friends drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her Georgia home' They 'all played naked Twister and Lehnardt had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom before playing with sex toys in front of the teens' She said she went to bed alone but awoke to her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend having sex with her; there are no charges against him. After the incident, she lost custody of her children and told her AA sponsor, who contacted authorities. Her daughter has now jumped to her defense, saying that her mom used to be a good mother but that everyone makes mistakes .
The RHS has warned about the 'grey sprawl' with front gardens paved over. Around 7million grassy front gardens have been replaced with paving. RHS is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs and climbers to go green. Claims seeing a green front garden boosts mood for 95 per cent of people .
Five staff members sustained injuries after breaking into the Super Slide. The Easter Show ride was closed earlier that night due to safety concerns. Officials say the slide runs 'way too fast' in the wet weather. One woman broke a leg while a second woman broke both her legs. A 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding. The slide reopened once rain stopped and a safety check was completed .
Video shows ESPN reporter Britt McHenry berating and belittling a tow company worker. Drexler: She was wrong to act that way, but aren't we too quick to judge without seeing full video?
Dan Swangard, a physician, wants to be able to control when and how his life ends. A recent survey reveals 54 percent of American doctors support assisted suicide .
A wake was held for Freddie Gray at Vaughn Green East funeral home in Baltimore, Maryland Sunday afternoon. Earlier in the day, the Gray family's pastor gave a special speech at church in remembrance of the 25-year-old man who died last week. Gray was arrested April 12 and taken to the the hospital within an hour for spinal injuries. He died a week later, on April 19. His death has caused mass outrage in the Maryland city and on Saturday protests turned violent downtown; 34 were arrested .
Chancellor pledged to double the number of people buying their first home. Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time buyers getting first homes. Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. To date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times .
Experience Berlin for £14, South Africa for £21 and Abu Dhabi for just £29. New concept of 'the holiday' is brainchild of Park Inn by Radisson. Programme will post your actions 'on holiday' to social networks .
Tunisia defender picked up a booking for reacting to opposition fans. Bilel Moshni has been told to keep calm by Ibrox boss Stuart McCall. Rangers are attempting to reach the Scottish Premiership play-offs .
Edmund Echukwu died in pool at swingers' party in Hertfordshire on Friday. 35-year-old believed to be a  Nigerian father-of-three from north London. Owner of mansion says he may have suffered heart attack in water. A post-mortem examination is due to be held today ahead of an inquest .
Aston Villa face Liverpool in their FA Cup at Wembley on Sunday. The winners will either face Reading or Arsenal from the other semi-final. FA Cup final will take place at Wembley on May 30 .
Loren Mathieson filmed her dog performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
Port, phone app and photo-sharing project were barred from using Anzac. The Church of Scientology and Woolworths used it without permission. They were reprimanded by the Department of Veteran Affairs for using it. But the AFL and Victoria Bitter were permitted as they donated to the RSL. Penalties for misuse include 12 months imprisonment for serious breaches. Individuals could be fined $10,200, while organisations face a $51,000 fine .
John Goodwin, 75, of Atkinson, New Hampshire, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. He had pleaded not guilty in the case in which prosecutors said he repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24. The former student said he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed. Court officials said he shot himself outside his car while not in custody. He was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries but his condition has not been disclosed .
Rowing team at Washington University attacked by flying carp. Member of the team caught the attack on video .
Stephen Dodd photographed Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying during half-time at Anfield last month. He captioned the image: 'Muslims praying at half time #DISGRACE' Liverpool FC now say they will take action against Dodd over the post. But Mr Bodi says he doesn't want to see Dodd banned from the ground .
Millions of Asian hornets have colonised swathes of French countryside. Vicious insects mutilate honeybees and prey on beehives to feed young. Six people have died in France after suffering allergic reactions to sting. Ministers in Britain have drawn up battle plans for any possible invasion .
Manchester City have slipped to fourth in the Premier League table. Sergio Aguero may look elsewhere should City continue to struggle. Argentine striker has scored 19 Premier League goals so far this season. Manuel Pellegrini's future as City boss is also in doubt. Real Madrid and Barcelona are both fans of the former Atletico Madrid star .
Jet named The Resurrected Veteran restored by U.S. father and son team. Flown at air shows as tribute to all servicemen who have died in combat .
Charity campaign aimed at 'women of all different shapes and sizes' For the first time ever the models featured range from a size 10 to 20. M&S, Debenhams and Laura Ashley have all designed charity collections. Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell have starred in previous years' shoots .
RAF jets escorted two Russian military aircraft close to UK airspace. The Typhoons were scrambled from RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland. HMS Argyle also monitoring three Russian ships in English Channel. It comes at a time of heightened tension between Britain and Russia .
Stephen Munden, 54, has absconded from hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. He was described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls. Munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13. The sex offender may have shaved off his thick beard, police say .
An Ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand. Surfer Lloyd Meudell formed a severe photography obsession after buying a GoPro two years ago. He now shoots on a EOS 5D Mark III DSLR and uses numerous lenses but does not reveal his secrets. The 'foam surrealism' pieces are shot on the south coast of NSW at Kiama beach through to Gerrigong. Mr Meudell's shots draw from works of surrealism such as Salvador Dali and appear very dream-like .
Doug Hughes, 61, said the point was to present solutions to corruption. Hughes mentioned the idea a couple of years ago, his friend says. Hughes had a son who committed suicide, report says .
Woman celebrating with her fiance was killed in fiery collision with truck. They had stopped with other victims to help those stranded at earlier crash. Five killed and 12 injured in the accident on Fort Worth interstate highway. Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez, 43 and her fiance's sister killed in the collision .
Klopp announced on Wednesday he will leave Dortmund in the summer. German manager has been linked with Manchester City and Real Madrid. Manuel Pellegrini could be leaving City after a trophyless campaign. Former City player Hamann believes he would be a good fit at the club .
Survivor Jeff Bauman stresses "we will never replace the lives that were lost" A man who was at the finish line is glad Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is now a "convicted killer" "Justice has been served today," says a once wounded police officer .
Conservationist group saved fishing ship's crew as boat sank on Monday. Group's Bob Barker was chasing the ship collecting 'evidence of poaching' 40 crew were rescused as fishing ship Thunder sank off the coast of Africa. Bob Barker captain said Thunder skipper cheered as his boat went down. Peter Hammarstedt said scuttling would destroy evidence of poaching .
Stoke City have lost all eight trips to Chelsea since Premier League return. Mark Hughes insists that their fruitless Stamford Bridge visits must end. Chelsea unbeaten in 14 Premier League home games this season (11 wins)
The woman was later identified as Jacqueline Carr, age 65. Still uncertain who owns the tree or was responsible for its upkeep. Carr was the vehicle's only occupant .
UK celebrity cook book author Annabel Karmel shares her thoughts on paleo for kids. The acclaimed author has over 40 children's cook books. Says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend. Karmel is in Australia to launch nutritious children's food range at Coles .
Levar Jones was shot and wounded by police officer in Columbia, South Carolina, when he was stopped and told to produce a license. He reached for his wallet and state trooper Sean Groubert opened fire, hitting him in the stomach. Jones writhed in agony on the ground and said: 'Why was I shot?' as the officer accused him of a seatbelt violation. Jones tells Daily Mail Online Walter Scott's death should force rethink of police procedures with new non-lethal methods favored. Cop was sacked and charged with felony assault and faces maximum 20 year sentence if guilty .
Michelle Gent, 50, directed and starred in violent bondage and porn movies. Former Lib Dem councillor used local party HQ to hold auditions for films. Her film's titles include The Exorcist Chronicles and Rise of the 4th Reich. Violent films feature women covered in fake blood using whips and knives .
Three victims were part of a group of ten friends from San Francisco and the East Coast who were staying in Mendocino County to hunt for abalone. They dived into rough choppy water and found themselves almost immediately in trouble. Abalone is an expensive, prized mollusk that is considered a delicacy .
Animal Liberation Victoria activists who broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm. Activists found birds sick and dying in terrible living conditions. Hens were in such a bad state they had to be removed from the cages. Wagner's Poultry Farm denied they had done anything unethical. Government department found no breaches under animal cruelty laws .
Jihadis were fighting in Hammam al-Alil, south of their Mosul stronghold. Several of them sustained injuries so visited local doctors for treatment. Doctors reportedly refused to help because they did not support ISIS. Terrorists then dragged the 10 men out in to the desert and shot them .
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, Cheshire, fell asleep during evidence of abuse. Young victim had to tell her story for a second time after the trial collapsed. Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice reprimand the judge for his actions .
Officials spoke about the devastating single-vehicle crash in August for the first time last week. Current FBI Director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy say Freeh severed a major artery in the crash. Paramedics and an FBI agent at the scene were able to stop the bleeding - saving Freeh's life. Freeh was the director of the FBI from 1993 until 2003 .
A recent surge in jellyfish numbers has been recorded off the coast of the UK as the weather has warmed up. Stay In Cornwall has been moved to reassure swimmers that going in the water is safe, even with some jellyfish. NHS-approved method of treating jellyfish stings is now shaving cream, not urine or vinegar as previously though .
Only a year ago Adam Johnson was still considered an England prospect. The former Manchester City winger never fulfilled his potential. Johnson has shown flashes of his talent, but never been consistent. The future of both Sunderland and their star player hang in the balance .
Darren McGrady says the princes once tried to trick him into making pizza. As children, William and Harry forged note to the chef from their nanny. They were apparently fed up with endless diet of traditional English food. But Mr McGrady said their 'juvenile handwriting' gave them away and they ended up with roast chicken .
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer leaked Thursday before being yanked offline. Film will be released on March 25, 2016 and stars Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill .
Farmer from eastern China confesses he's puzzled by the newborn kid. The 20-day-old goat was born with four fore legs and two hind legs. Owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful. Extra legs won't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .
Charlie Adam scored Stoke's equaliser against Chelsea from 66 yards out. Stoke ended up losing 2-1 against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. The loss was Stoke's third in a row but Adam backs them to return to form .
Elijah Cook was found to be profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his shortly after his birth in January. The mothers and fathers of both his parents, Ahavah and Jason Cook, of Andova, Minnesota, were all deaf, so doctors decided to press ahead. Last month they fitted Elijah with a set of hearing aids. The moment he responded to his mom's voice for the first time was caught on video, with Elijah clearly responding .
Fitness fan Jennifer is famous for her curves, but her arms are also toned. The mother-of-two has completed triathlons. She avoids sugar and salt. Try modified push-ups which activate the entire upper body .
Didier Drogba has picked up a thigh injury and pulled out of a charity game. Chelsea are already missing Diego Costa and Loic Remy through injury. They travel to face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday at 4pm. Costa returns to first-team training this week to boost Jose Mourinho .
Cloud formation before the red dusk sky resembles a fire breathing dragon. It was captured by amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, in California. The patron Saint of England St George slayed a dragon in famous legend .
Case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape. 2 students from Troy University in Alabama are charged in the case .
Search area for missing flight MH370 doubled by government officials. Extended search area means hunt for plane could run for another year. Comes after Maldives locals said they saw a low-flying jet on day of crash. Island sighting more than 5,000 kilometres away from the then-search area .
Luke Shambrook found alive after going missing while camping on Friday. Remarkable video shows the moment rescuers reach the terrified boy. The 11-year-old was found in thick bushland 3km from the campsite in the Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon, north-east of Melbourne. Police were hopeful they would find Luke, who has 'high pain tolerance' He has dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to hospital .
World News Tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival NBC's Nightly News in the ratings war. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop  comes two months after Brian Williams' suspension. An NBC spokesperson said the network was 'pleased' with substitute anchor Lester Holt's 'strong performance' Switch also follows a change in how the numbers are crunched and NBC is now prevented from including repeat numbers from overnight replays .
Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province, is used to make a toxic chemical. Nineteen people required medical treatment after blast caused by oil leak. Plant produces paraxylene, which can cause eye, nose and throat irritation. It is the second accident at the controversial plant in 20 months. It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring blaze under control .
Leicester have recorded three consecutive Premier League wins. The latest, a 2-0 success over Swansea, lifted them to 17th in the table. Nigel Pearson's side are starting to dream of beating relegation. Esteban Cambiasso has been superb for the Foxes this season. Goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel has also hit some timely form .
A businesswoman worries that if Hillary Clinton becomes president, her hormones will make her go to war. Mel Robbins: What's scary is that the bias against women in the workplace is still going strong in 2015 .
Staff were locked out of Scooter's Coffee page starting at 5pm on Sunday. Hackers plastered feed with adult cartoons and links to explicit pages. Happened after employee clicked on link purporting to be from Facebook .
Jared McCarroll head chef at M Restaurant and Grill shares his expertise. The more fat your steak contains the more juicy it will be after cooking. Look for thickness rather than weight when choosing which steak to buy .
Hundreds were evacuated from a Big Top circus after rain tore through it. More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas. Cars floated across Harris County in half a foot of rain on Saturday .
French photographer Floriane de Lassee visited cities around the world to capture these intimate photographs. She uses small subjects to contrast their being against the vast cityscapes behind them. She found her inspiration while studying at the International Center of Photography in New York ten years ago and lived across the street from a police station's recreation room. Photos are set in London, New York, Moscow, Paris, Istanbul, Shanghai, Tokyo and more .
Thomas Cain's mother Orae Mae died in 1943, when he was just 13. He thought that no photographs of her had survived. Granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, tracked one down, and filmed the reveal. Emotional Mr Cain sheds tears as he looks on image from the 1920s. Ferrell is now looking for other photos - especially Mr Cain's father. Can you help Andrea Ferrell track down the photograph of her great-grandfather, Henry Cain? Email her at andreavferrell@gmail.com .
Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling (CIRC) concluded that the UCI colluded with Lance Armstrong to cover up allegations. Hein Verbruggen was criticised as events occurred under his leadership. Verbruggen has revealed he is having the report analysed by lawyers .
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by raising prices of work she commissioned. Rutty then paid herself difference between actual sums from school fund. She stole £3,500 from fund of school in Greater Manchester in three years. Avoids jail but receives suspended term and 70 hours of community work .
Candle-lit memorials held on beach in Malta and Rome's Verano Cemetery. In memory of Libyan refugees who died on a smugglers' vessel on Sunday. Italian coast guard has rescued hundreds more fleeing war in Africa since. Only 5,000 can stay in Europe, EU leaders are expected to announce today .
SNP leader challenges Miliband to respond to her offer of help after May 7. Sturgeon says she will put Labour in power even if Tories win more seats. Warns the clock is ticking on her offer to help Miliband get into No.10 .
John Terry has yet again impressed in the heart of Chelsea's defence. Jose Mourinho should be given credit for trusting the 34-year-old. Manchester City won, but is boss Manual Pellegrini still under pressure? Struggling QPR and Burnley could be left to rue their huge penalty misses. Mourinho: Hazard is worth £100m for each leg PLUS Cristiano Ronaldo .
Bus carrying 40 players and staff back from away game was attacked. Fenerbahce want Turkish championship halted while matter is resolved. The bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital .
Lib Dem leader makes desperate attempt to distance party from allegations. Claims obese MP did not belong to Lib Dems at the time of his abuse. Ruled out inquiry into claims Liberal Party offered hush money to activist .
Ivan Carlos, 22, Brenda Avilez, 18, were killed along with their unborn child. Avilez was expected to give birth the first week of May. The driver, Christian Crawford, has a lengthy rap sheet and was recently released from prison .
Nepal civil war aftermath inspired Maggie Doyne to help children. Doyne's BlinkNow Foundation supports a home for 50 children and a school that educates hundreds more. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for 2015 CNN Heroes .
Kevin Rivera and Amber Diaz started arguing after their daughter's party. Miss Diaz's grandfather, Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly intervened with knife. He 'stabbed Mr Rivera in the chest'; fled the scene after Sunday's killing. Victim rushed to hospital with stab wound, where he was declared dead. Diaz turned himself in to police in Brooklyn, New York, Monday morning. Has been charged with manslaughter, while baby girl is now in custody .
Candlestick park, which has been home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers, has been torn down. It opened in 1960, and the last game was played there in December 2013 by the 49ers. The area is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center. It is where The Beatles played their last concert in 1966. Sir Paul McCartney played the last concert at Candlestick Park on August 14, 2014 .
Raul Hector Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care. He also served as a U.S. ambassador to El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina. Arizona governor Doug Ducey said Castro lived a 'full life of exemplary service to Arizona and its people' He is survived by wife Pat and his two daughters Mary Pat James and Beth Castro .
Randy Lerner was expected to make a rare appearance for Cup sem-final. But Lerner missed Sunday 2-1 victory over Liverpool after his aunt died. Aston Villa will face Arsenal in the FA Cup final on Saturday May 30 .
Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in the Eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963. He died in London two days ago, aged 80, following a battle with cancer. Mr Carroll was running in the General Election for Hampstead and Kilburn. He remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
Loeb says he filed the lawsuit and doesn't want want money from his "ex" Nick Loeb reportedly wants to prevent Vergara from destroying the embryos. Vergara spoke of freezing embryos with Loeb in a 2013 interview .
ASU linebacker Davon Durant, 19, was arrested last month after he allegedly hit his girlfriend of 18 months in the face and choked her. Kelsi Langley, 19, posted his bail and recanted her story to police the next day. Witness called 911 on the day of alleged attack saying he had seen a man hit a woman in a car. Durant pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault and disorderly conduct, and has been suspended indefinitely from the team. Langley later claimed she got angry with Durant and lied to police. Said finger marks on her neck were hickeys and her eyes were red from crying, not bruised. The female ASU student and a civil rights activist accused police of making Durant out to be a thug .
Arizona police chief Terry Rozema has voiced his support for his officer after dashcam footage emerged. Officer Michael Rapiejko is seen mounting a sidewalk in his speeding police car and knocking down armed suspect Mario Valencia. Pozema argued that Rapiejko may actually have saved Valencia's life because we don't know what he would have done next. 'We don't know that if (Rapiejko) lets him go for another 10 seconds, (Valencia) doesn't take somebody out in the parking lot,' Rozema said .
Jay Dasilva building a strong reputation in Chelsea's youth system. The young defender has been earmarked as a future first-team player. Chelsea have not produced a homegrown regular since John Terry. But Jose Mourinho insists he will give youth players a chance. Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been guaranteed a place in the squad .
Fire crews in South Wales stretched to breaking point by wave of wildfires. Authorities call on parents to report children if suspected of starting blazes. Fires  'turned the valleys black' and devastated wildlife in surrounding area .
French owned Sovetours coach turned back from boarding ferry in Devon. Bus full of tourists had wanted to cross the River Dart in Dartmouth. Ferry bosses say coach was too big to be allowed to cross river. Coach driver forced to perform U-turn on slippery narrow slipway .
