Richard Dysart, the Emmy-winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the slick, long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law," has died at 86.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was ejected from a game against the White Sox after he threw at an opposing player. The Royals won the game 3-2 in 13 innings, which is the first of a four-game series.
Retired general Sir Frank Kitson won a CBE for his service in the Army. A retired general is being sued over a murder in Northern Ireland more than 40 years ago. Sir Frank Kitson, who is 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973.
EasyJet has been charging stranded customers a £10 fee for proof that their flight was cancelled. The charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month. They were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation, but easyJet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee.
Apple Watch goes on sale in the US, UK, Australia, Canada and China on 24 April. Pre-orders begin at 12:01 a.m. PDT (3:01am EDT) for delivery beginning 24 April .
Japanese women swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally.
A 15-year-old girl was cleared of arson after a judge ruled she had been 'careless' with her cigarette.
Balotelli is a bit of a dick.
72-year-old woman has been living as 74 different people, mainly Hollywood production staffers. She's in federal custody for probation violations and will be sent down to Los Angeles County to answer for the alleged identity thefts.
A bus ploughed into a passenger plane at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan. The incident is difficult to comprehend as the collision was much more than just a minor skirmish on the tarmac at the busy Asian airport.
Taylor Swift's mom has cancer. She didn't say what kind or how bad it is, but she did ask her fans to pray for her and said that "usually when things happen to me, I process them and then write music about how I feel."
Rangers 4 Raith Rovers 0. Rangers: Bell, Tavernier (Crawford 46), Wilson, Wallace (Bates 90), Shiels, Clark [c], Law [c] , Miller [46], Vuckic; Conroy; and Walsh. Subs not used: Foderingham, Hodson.
Coquelin is a fan of Giroud and thinks he can win titles with the Frenchman in attack.
A headteacher was banned from classrooms for labelling an Asian job applicant 'Taliban' and calling special needs pupils 'roadkill'.
Mourinho is a pragmatist, Wenger is an idealist.
Celtic 2 St Mirren 0. Celtic: Gordon, Matthews (Ambrose Emuobo 65), Van Dijk, Denayer (Johansen 72), Izaguirre, Brown; Armstrong (Mackay-Steven 72); Commons , Forrest , Johansen; Stokes Subs not used: Guidetti, Zaluska Goalscorers: Forrest 64 . Referee: Alan Muir Attendance : 8500
Boko Haram kidnapped more than 200 girls in Nigeria. The group is also kidnapping children and forcing them to fight, cook, and lookouts.
Turkey has blocked access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz held during an armed siege last week . Grief: The family of Mehmet Selim Kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at Eyup Sultan Mosque in Istanbul, Turkey. He died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation .
19-year-old drug addict and convicted thief Jake Castner is taunting police on Facebook as he spends his fifth day on the run.
The situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, the researchers say. The new figures come just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to A&E are unnecessary .
Liverpool are interested in signing Neto, but he is not for sale.
Kevin Sinfield is a legend of the game, and I'm sad to see him go. But he's made the right decision for himself and his family.
A personal assistant to a Mississippi Senator has been charged with trafficking drugs from China to use as payment for sexual favors.
It's not a trifle, it's a shepherds pie-trifle.
Hulk is a superhero.
Nicholas and Kseniya Soukeras can't agree on what to name their unborn baby. Nicholas wants Spyridon, but his wife prefers Michael. The couple has turned to the general public for help in deciding which name they should choose; if it's a boy, Nicholas will surrender all naming rights to Kseniya .
The Cleveland Variety Theater was once the edgiest place in town, attracting the word's biggest bands to its iconic stage - but 30 years later Cleveland's Variety Theater is silent. The venue was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed in 1984 when heavy metal band Motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down. As the crowd went wild over the group's unique ear-shattering brand of music, ...
A mother whose teenage daughter was tortured to death by her sadistic lover has spoken for the first time of her heartbreak. Margaret Bates, from Mottram, Tameside, said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith. Too traumatised to speak about her only daughter's death until now, Mrs Bates said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed Smith when she first met him.
Manny Pacquiao will be on time for his workout tonight.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion to take the WBC super-middleweight title, setting up a fight with mandatory challenger George Groves. Jack (19-1-1) received winning of 116-112 and 115–113, and the third had it even at 114–114. Badou Jack wins by unanimous decision over Anthony Dirrell .
A passenger plane trying to land at a Texas airport turned back when the pilot discovered that the runway lights had been switched off. American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to Wichita Falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
A woman who fractured her neighbour's skull with a hammer during an eight-year feud has been jailed. Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman three times after finding the 54-year-old brawling with her brother in the street. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since 2007 when they moved next door to each other on St Catherine's Road in Chingford (pictured)
Tony McCoy, the greatest jockey of all time, retired today. He's a legend and he'll be missed.
Petr Cech is a drummer.
Liverpool starlet Raheem Sterling has been pictured holding a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe. Liverpool have not fined the pair after meeting with Rodgers and they are now expected to play in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley.
The BBC's Match of the Day is better than Sky's.
A mother-of-two stole £78,000 from her dying parents to go on shopping sprees. She was jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay back the money she stole.
A four-year-old boy's wheelchair was stolen in the middle of the night from a building where his mother left it. The family is now offering a cash reward for information leading to an arrest.
Climber falls off cliff, lands on his feet. Climbing axe slips out of ice and knocks other axe out of position. Falls for three-and-a-half seconds before being saved by safety rope after falling ten metres down the mountain .
Bolasie will stay at Palace.
A man vying to become the next Kentucky governor has legally changed his name to Gatewood Galbraith after a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes. The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave.' His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema , gained a following for his wit and sharp dress sense .
Jordan Spieth is back to work this week at the RBC Heritage Classic after two days celebrating his victory at Augusta National and being showered with attention. Spieth arrived at Sea Pines Resort late Tuesday night after a media whirlwind in New York since tying Tiger Woods' Masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket. The 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours.'It was a little crazy in New York having paparazzi know where we were going to eat dinner even though we never told anybody,' Spieth said Wednesday.Spieth doesn't believe the success will change him.
Homeopathic remedies perform no better than placebos, and the principles on which homeopathy is based are 'scientifically implausible'.
Anderson was sent off for a first-half push on Otacilio Neto, who retaliated with an elbow. Fabricio then got sent off after he reacted to the booing by showing two middle fingers and throwing his shirt to the ground.
A 66-year old man was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance after allegedly setting an Australian flag on fire at Anzac Square in Brisbane.
DPS trooper was reprimanded for posing with Snoop Dogg. DPS says the counseling is not discipline but Clevenger says it can block promotion and advancement.
Keycamp is a great way to enjoy family holidays in France. The Argeles-sur-Mer campsite is well located, with plenty of facilities and friendly staff.
The science isn't there to support Canavero's idea. He says he has research that supports it, but the monkey experiments are decades old and have not been replicated in humans. The first patient will be a man suffering from a muscle wasting disease who volunteered for this procedure.
A baby girl has been badly disfigured in a dog attack at home after her parents left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields. Ten-week-old Qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital . Her mother told the People's Daily Online: ‘We left after our baby girl fell asleep.
Choc on Choc is celebrating the British election by inviting consumers to vote with their stomachs and take part in our edible poll. Our team of chocolatiers has created three unique bars, each bearing the face of either Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg or David Cameron.
Andy Murray is getting married today. The wedding will be held at Dunblane Cathedral, which was built in the 12th century and has been used for weddings since then. It's a beautiful place with lots of history and Andy is marrying his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears there this afternoon.
Woman drowns in freak accident while snorkelling. Husband posts tribute to her on Facebook.
The EU is ending milk quotas, which will lead to a price war and the end of small family farms.
A teacher was in her classroom when two masked men burst in with a gun and told her she was going to die. She believed it for several moments, then realized the gun wasn't real. Now she's suing everyone involved because of PTSD and other psychological issues that have followed from the incident.
A British woman was murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana. Her family are now trying to find out what happened to her body. The defense lawyer claims she died of a heroin overdose, but the brother says it's an outrageous lie that all their family were addicts and they would never have taken drugs themselves.
Iron Man's suit is made of a gold-titanium alloy, but it would actually make things worse. The American Chemical Society in Washington recently explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looked at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield .
A plane crashed in the Dominican Republic today, killing all seven people on board. The pilot was attempting to make an emergency landing after taking off from Punta Cana when the plane struck the ground in a golf course and burst into flames.
A builder befriended a widowed pensioner so he could fritter away her £28,500 life savings on shopping sprees and lavish meals out. He even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits, before secretly taking out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary. The builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft Sentencing Donohoe at Birmingham Crown Court (pictured), Judge Francis Laird QC said: 'You befriended her , you became a close friend and confidante .
The first ever drawing of The Beatles' famous Yellow Submarine which is dubbed the 'holy grail of memorabilia' is set to fetch more than £10,000 at auction.
A new book claims that the fire at Valley Parade was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham, who died in 1995. Sutcliffe says he knew Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of Bradford City but remains convinced by Popplewell inquiry conclusion that it was an accident.
There's a mind-boggling array of infant devices on the market, but just because something exists doesn't mean that anyone actually needs it.
A former USU fraternity president was arrested for sexual assault. He is accused of groping a woman while she was passed out and also admitted to groping two other women. The Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at USU decided to suspend Wray after his arrest and then 'voluntarily ceased operations, other than general meetings'.
A boy who was born a girl, but now wants to be a boy.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Louis van Gaal's decision to return Wayne Rooney to his favoured attacking role has led to the upturn in performance levels.
Sharapova is out, Williams has withdrawn.
Vivienne Westwood has designed a luxury penthouse suite in LA, which will cost $25,000 per night. The designer is known for her bold prints and patterns and the interior features many of these designs throughout the space. Guests can enjoy an outdoor dinner on the rooftop terrace with stunning views over Los Angeles .
A fight broke out at a bar opening inside a Queens casino Friday night. Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar inside the Resort World Casino ended up at each other's throats when the party went sour. According to witnesses, two women started arguing over who was going to get their drink first and dragged their group of friends into it.
PSV Eindhoven winger Memphis Depay is wanted by Manchester United, Liverpool and Bayern Munich. The 21-year-old has been compared to a young Cristiano Ronaldo by Ronald de Boer. PSV are demanding £25million for the Holland international while Liverpool hope to convince him that he would get more regular football with them .
Jay Z's Tidal is a flop. It has been for months, and it will continue to be until he gets rid of the rich people who are trying to sabotage him.
A horse was abandoned in a field, and Sally White rescued him. He's now her husband.
Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself.
Sol Campbell is a racist.
A bird in Brazil is making noises that sound like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
The final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season have been announced. The race for Champions League football is at its most intense, with Chelsea vs Liverpool and Manchester United vs Arsenal both featuring prominently.
A woman fell down a manhole and smashed her face. She's been left with two black eyes and bruising . The owner of the site where she fell is refusing to fix it, claiming that they are tenants, not owners.
Photographer Renee Bergeron photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up in capes and wands to make them feel like they can do anything.
A San Fransisco Giants fan beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011 has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season . Bryan Stow  was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game. The father-of-two, who had been a paramedic, was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside.
When you're selling something, round numbers are more likely to sell quickly. But if you want a higher price, use an odd number.
New HIV treatment could lead to a new vaccine.
Samia and Sylvain enjoyed a romantic break in New York, where they saw the sights including the Statue of Liberty. They also visited Tiffany's and Century 21 for bargain shopping. Samia recommends Burger Joint at Le Parker Meridien Hotel for great burgers, while Sylvain worked out in the gym .
Blended learning is a way to give students more one-on-one time with teachers during the school day. It's also helping boost standardized test scores and graduation rates at Huntley High School in suburban Chicago.
The Daily Mail is a right wing rag that has been campaigning against the commemoration of VE Day. It's not surprising that it would be opposed to such an event, but I'm sure there are many people who will disagree with its stance and think it should have done more to mark the occasion.
Woman loses 3 stone in 6 months by listening to hypnosis app. She's now preparing for a luxury two week getaway with husband Robbie, 45, to Mexico and can't wait to show off her new bikini body on the beach.
Toni Duggan is on the #RoadToCanada, supported by Continental Tyres.
Gorilla smashes window at Omaha zoo, but no one was hurt.
Deep brain stimulation could be used to treat dementia and improve memory.
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' as Christians around the world face violence and attacks because of their religion.
The Duchess of Cambridge's close friend Sam Waley-Cohen is a jockey and has been helping the couple rekindle their romance. He rode to success at Aintree on Friday and in the Grand National . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have publicly insisted that even they do not know what sex their second child will be.
House Of Cards is a hit US political TV series starring Kevin Spacey as Francis Underwood and his wife Claire, played by Robin Wright. The show’s plot involves the couple plotting to kill their enemies with an extra-sharp steak knife.
John Terry is the Premier League's top-scoring defender this season.
David Alaba is out for around 7 weeks with a torn knee ligament.
The Warriors are up 1-0 in the series.
Woman dies after sitting in chair for six months.
Baby girl abandoned in an arcade toilet, found by a member of staff. She was wrapped up and taken to hospital where she is 'safe and well'.
Rory McIlroy is a fan of Jeff Knox.
Byron Schlenker's tongue is the world's widest.
Rita Wilson, 58, has been diagnosed with breast cancer and is undergoing a double mastectomy. She shared the news on Facebook and linked to a statement printed by People magazine. Her cancer was not found in the first round of tests so she encouraged others to seek a second opinion like she did .
Jeremy Clarkson will return to the BBC but not on Top Gear - even though bosses still haven't found his replacement.
Ukrainian club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification due to mounting debt.
The world's tallest building, the CN Tower in Toronto, Canada; The Grand Canyon Skywalk in Arizona; Pulpit Rock and Five Fingers viewing platforms on Norway’s Dachstein Mountains.
Tim Sherwood is a good manager, but he's not the best. He has no idea how to play football and his tactics are terrible. His team have been lucky to avoid relegation this season because of their poor performances in games against teams like West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa .
A young boy has been scarred for life after coming home Tuesday afternoon to find his parents dead - their bodies hacked with a chainsaw. Police in Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania received a call from the unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home on the 100 block of Country Lane. While authorities have not yet officially identified the couple, family and friends say they were Chris and Nicole Peppelman, owners of an excavating company .
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at a podium girl, she didn't mind. She was just doing her job. He's an idiot and should be ashamed of himself for being such a jerk to the poor girl who was only trying to do her job.
A woman was arrested for violating her bail conditions and criminal mischief after she bit the trunk of a police car, scratched it with her teeth, threatened to kill deputies and their families.
The chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling NHS patients’ data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of HBOS.
Carver will whip his players to make sure they're motivated to beat Sunderland on Sunday.
A young Australian rugby player has died following a freak accident during a match in which he hit his head against an opponent's shoulder. Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday .
The GOP field is getting crowded, and the pressure to pick a side is mounting. And with that comes more scrutiny of how candidates are spending their time -- especially when it comes to fundraising. "The big question for all these campaigns right now," said Balz, "is whether they're going to be able to raise enough money in the next few months."
The Houthis are not going to surrender. They're just going to fight back harder and more effectively than ever before.
A German artist has been painting naked women into the background of his photoshoots. The models are so well camouflaged that it is impossible to tell where they are.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson to shore up their defence.
A Chinese designer has unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold. The items however were produced as a work of art and not intended for sale. They were modelled by an unnamed woman who was joined by two other models - both of whom posed with glittering gold accessories, including necklaces, a shoe and a rabbit at a store in China .
Sarah Stage gave birth to a healthy baby boy on April 14, 2015.
Man's best friend saved his life by jumping on his back to dislodge a pickled onion.
Teenage girl from London, who is of Kurdish heritage, was detained at Stansted Airport after she returned to the UK from Germany on January 16. She has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014.
A Syrian national and naturalized US citizen was arrested in San Diego on Thursday for lying to federal agents about his involvement with Islamic State militants. He is accused of making false statements during interviews at the US Embassy in Ankara, Turkey, last March.
A Turkish construction team accidentally discovered a massive underground city in Cappadocia.  The city is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens . The subterranean settlement dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth . It lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area , which was being excavated during a construction project carried out by Turkey's Housing Development Administration (TOKİ).
Labour candidate collapses on live TV, audience members rush to help him. He blames it on a cold brought on by his campaign.
Everton 1-0 Southampton.
Aldi is now the sixth biggest supermarket in Britain.
The White House doubled down today on President Barack Obama's Earth Day message that climate change is 'a problem now' and knocked political figures who disagree with him as climate deniers and opportunists.
Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs as ingredients.
A Florida woman who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't. The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it and that his constitutional rights are being violated.
Clarke's Reading side need to be perfect against Arsenal.
Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk is a big fan of the Premier League and would love to play for one of its clubs.
Adam Lyons, 34, has two girlfriends - Brooke Shedd and Jane Shalakhova. They all live together in LA and share a king-sized bed. Adam is also raising his son Oliver with Brooke from a previous relationship .
England's top order are mediocre, and Vaughan is a moron.
Turkish security guard Cengiz Güven is protecting Australian travellers at Gallipoli.
Chef Albert Roux is dating a Ukrainian woman, who used to work at his restaurant in Westminster. He has also been meeting up with British landscape artist Lynne Moore and Eastern European tea hostess Ljiljana Pavicevic.
Women regret their career choices more than men.
Michelle Obama is a big fan of the song Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars. She's been practicing it for over a year in preparation for her appearance at the White House Easter Egg Roll on Monday . The first lady will be joined by So You Think You Can Dance contestants, who will perform to the tune of Uptown Funk.
QPR are going to lose.
Adults are coloring again.
A woman was killed and another injured when they were struck by a car fleeing police during a wild chase through San Francisco, and the suspects involved were still on the loose Saturday.
Pippa Middleton is a fitness fanatic and has been spotted out jogging twice this week. She's currently training for her charity bike ride in June, which she'll be taking part in to raise money for the British Heart Foundation . Pippa looks great even when she's out running!
Punk fashion took to the runway at Sydney's Carriageworks, with stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk. Khim Hang showed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers. Scroll down for video .
A father-of-four from Ashford, Kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. It is a toe curling moment that many have faced: the supermarket tantrum. And Geoff Whitington pouts and shouts with gusto when asked if he will try whelks – despite his wobbly bottom lip and huffy crossed arms .
A mother-of-two who lost her eye to skin cancer is warning people against the dangers of wearing cheap sunglasses. Deborah Kane, from Tyldesley, Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. The 46 year old teaching assistant believes that she developed it from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection .
Pep Guardiola is responsible for the decline of English clubs in Europe. He was a tactical genius who brought an intensity to Barcelona which helped them win two Champions League titles and he has been instrumental in Bayern Munich's success, too. But his obsession with pressing has led him to neglect other aspects of football and it is that which will ultimately cost him at Bayern Munich as they are out-pressing their opponents but not winning games because they cannot score goals themselves.
A thief nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook'  who drugged and robbed men after she lured them into bed has been arrested. Argentinian con-artist Sofia Davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network, suggesting they meet up for sex. But after meeting her victims, the 21-year-old from Buenos Aires, would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious , before ransacking their homes .
Messi is the best player in history, and he'll always have a place at Barcelona.
Karlie Kloss is donating $20,000 of her own money to fund 20 girls' computer coding scholarships at the Flatiron School in New York. The 22-year-old model will be taking a two week software engineering course there this summer and has already built an app for it. She's also offering free tuition to other young women who want to learn how 'creative coding truly is'.
The prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez after two months and more than 100 witnesses that featured in the prosecution's case against him. The defense team is expected to wrap up quickly next week before the jury delivers a verdict.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and  create a mega-size TV and internet provider, it was reported today. The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney . Bloomberg, followed by the New York Times , reported Thursday afternoon that Comcast is planning to 'walk away' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government.
Woman stabs her boyfriend to death after he interrupts her having sex with another man.
Kim Woodward is the first woman to run the Savoy Grill kitchen in its 126-year history.
The most abused clubs are Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United. The most abused players are Mario Balotelli, Danny Welbeck and Daniel Sturridge.
Kids are playing a game called 'sleeper' where they suffocate other kids until they pass out. It's dangerous and potentially fatal.
Paint the walls, change light fittings and put up photo collages.
A man has been found wandering around the Polish Embassy in London with no memory of who he is or how he got there. He may have come from Denmark within the past few days and has a daughter called Lenka.
Man knocks over elderly man, walks off. Man's friend films the incident and laughs uncontrollably at the old man lying on the floor. The video has been shared online and people are disgusted by his behaviour .
Francis Coquelin is determined to take his chance at Arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira. The Frenchman has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at Championship side Charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. Vieira was captain during Arsenal's trophy laden beginning to Arsene Wenger's reign and Coquelin hopes he can keep performing...
15 DIY hacks to update your wardrobe for spring 2015.
Yorkshire's Tim Bresnan is keen to give England's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for Yorkshire.
The IRS is a corrupt, incompetent, and dishonest agency that has been targeting conservative groups for political reasons. The Obama administration's Department of Justice won't prosecute Lois Lerner for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions about the scandal.
Ryan Bertrand is a good player.
Debbie Jevans is a nice lady who was pushed out of her job by the RFU. She’s not going to talk about it .
A woman with cancer was removed from a plane because she didn't have a note saying she could fly. She got an apology and her family's tickets refunded, but not before the airline had to deal with some backlash on social media.
Teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in India. She is now recovering in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns.
A boy and his baby brother are seen happily sitting on their father's lap until Charlie makes a snap for one of his older sibling's digits. The clip went viral, becoming an early online hit when it was uploaded eight years ago, going on to amass more than 816million views . It has since been viewed more than 2.5billion times - making it the most-watched video in YouTube history .
Michael Phelps is back in Arizona, where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation after being arrested on DUI charges last September. He offered no specifics about his treatment, which he continued in Maryland. He also enrolled in Alcoholics Anonymous and said the last couple of months have probably been the hardest he's ever had to go through .
Ed Balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in Leeds. Asked what seven times six equals, Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause . Mr Balls said: ‘The answer… the answer is 42’, before adding: ‘It's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions, so that's the last one I'm going to answer.’
55 greyhounds found in a mass grave.
The world's highest bridge is the Eshima Ohashi Bridge in Japan, which spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi. The second highest bridge is the Millau Viaduct in France, which stands at 270m (967ft) above its valley floor.
Arsenal were in fine form at the start of 2013/14 and ended up finishing fourth. They are currently flying high but still have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season.
Juventus have made a move for Paulo Dybala, the Palermo striker who has caught the eye of Manchester United and Arsenal. Gazzetta dello Sport report that, with speculation Carlos Tevez could be eyeing a return to Argentina with Boca Juniors, the Serie A side have tabled an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for the 21-year-old. Turin-based Tuttosport follow up those reports by adding that Maurizio Zamperini, the Palermo president is hoping interest from sides such as United and Arsenal will spark a bidding war that will raise Dybala's fee.
A book which aims to give the reader much-needed insight into other people's lives (and it certainly does that) seems to me to be spoilt by degenerating into a student newspaper leader: 'A citizen's income set at the right level - £320 a week is the current estimate - would kill off the sort of unproductive and low-paid jobs that have proliferated since 2008 in Britain.' At that point, Biggs lays her cards on the table, confessing she as she listened to people's stories 'I most often wished for more resistance' .
French climber Alain Robert climbed the world's tallest twisted skyscraper without a safety harness.
Rob Ford will undergo surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his abdomen on May 11. He hopes to return to work as a city councilor in September, he said .
Wigan 40 (Burgess 3, Sarginson, Ryan tries; Smith 4 goals) Wakefield 22 (Hall 2, Godinet tries; Kavanagh goal). HT: 20-6.
Daphne Selfe, 86, has been dubbed the 'world's oldest supermodel' and she looks amazing in a new campaign for Vans and & Other Stories. The images show the new footwear which sees Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on. Daphne said of her collaboration with stories: 'The & Other Stories’ collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist, all in lovely colours.'
Hazard is a fantastic player, and he's only going to get better. He's already one of the best in the world at his position, and I'm not sure there are many players who can match him for sheer skill on the ball.
Remains of up to 400 service members will be exhumed from the USS Oklahoma at Pearl Harbor.
Norwich City 2 Bolton Wanderers 1. Norwich: Ruddy; Whittaker (R Bennett 71), Martin, Bassong, Olsson, Tettey (Grabban 57), Dorrans (Hooper 66), Hoolahan, Redmond (Dorrans 67) , Jerome . Subs not used: Rudd , E Bennett , O'Neil .
Emirates are the official airline of Arsenal, Real Madrid, AC Milan and PSG. They have sponsorship deals with a number of other clubs including Hamburg (Germany), New York Cosmos (USA) and Paris Saint-Germain (France). The Emirates FA Cup is set to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in 2018.
England's first innings was a disaster, but they still managed to win the match.
Marine Le Pen's father Jean-Marie Le Pen has been accused of "political suicide" by his daughter after he defended comments about Nazi gas chambers.
Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish has revealed he wants to bring in extra investment so the club can improve their Selhurst Park home. The Premier League side, who beat champions Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night, have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris - an American businessman who already owns the Philadelphia 76ers NBA team and the NHL outfit the New Jersey Devils. But Parish, who has been at Palace since he and his consortium saved the club from...
The Trussell Trust's claim that it served a million hungry people in a year was exposed as false yesterday. The charity has now acknowledged that the figure is based on the number of food parcels given out, and not the number of individuals asking for help. It said fewer than half its claimants come forward only once, and 15 per cent make more than three visits to a food bank in a year .
Alec Stewart is interested in the role of England cricket director, but has not had any contact with the ECB.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo are taking a break from each other after Wimbledon.
Klopp is leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of June. He will be replaced by Thomas Tuchel, who has been linked with a move to the club for some time.
Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Burton, Barnet and Eastleigh will be promoted.
A Pennsylvania couple have been killed after their 1923 Model T Ford convertible skidded off the roadway and flipped over. Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59 (pictured), were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m on Sunday when the accident occurred . Manheim Borough Police Chief Joseph Stauffer told Lancaster Online that the vehicle left the road , flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch .
A solar flare erupts from the sun in this photograph taken by Dave Tyler . A coronal loop is pictured on the surface of the sun during its solar maximum in September 2014 . The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system.
Grandpa's April Fool's prank backfired.
A 2-year-old boy was struck and killed by a van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The driver stayed at the scene while police arrived - but before they could show up someone opened fire on him. He died at the scene .
Kevin Pietersen is back.
A 50-year-old lar gibbon was filmed running across a field naked. The video went viral and has been viewed over nine million times.
James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust .
Single dad puts up a 'girlfriend wanted' sign on his truck after failing to find love online.
Czech President Milos Zeman has banned the U.S. Ambassador from Prague Castle following a public dispute over the former's decision to attend a Russian World War II parade .
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, a 40,000-seater ground built in 'the gateway to the desert' and featuring air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans. The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern. Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths leading to it will also be cooled .
A Secret Service agent was arrested this morning in Washington D.C. after allegedly attempting to break into a house at midnight, and another high-ranking supervisor was put on leave after he was accused of misconduct in a case that is also being investigated by police.
Cathay Pacific pilot arrested at London airport with knives in his luggage. Flight canceled. Passengers stranded for 2 hours before being told to get off plane and wait on the tarmac until it was safe to fly again pic.twitter.com/qYxXjQZ7zE — Tom Phillips (@tomphillipsin) May 24, 2018 The incident comes just days after a British Airways flight from London Heathrow Airport was forced to make an emergency landing in New York City after one of its pilots suffered a medical episode during takeoff, according to the airline's CEO Alex Cruz .
The name Gary is heading for extinction.
A man who had been married for six years, and was the father of a child with his first wife, decided to move in with another woman. He then presented her with an engagement ring identical to the one he gave his first wife. The couple got married in August 2013 at St John's Church Kirdford (pictured).
David Seaman says this save against Sheffield United was the best one he ever made during his career.
Mark Clattenburg will referee PSG vs Barcelona in the Champions League this week.
A chemistry lecturer has a skin condition that causes raised red weals to appear on her skin whenever she draws on it. She uses this as a teaching aid and uploads the designs to social media.
Schneiderlin may have played his last game for Southampton, Clyne is stalling on signing a new contract and Koeman could be forced to sell him.
Boat full of migrants capsized, only 27 survived. The captain was drunk and rammed another ship causing the tragedy.
The last four managers to win the Premier League have all left their jobs by the following year.
British couple who fled UK with their four children to Syria have been arrested in Turkey.
The husband of billionaire heiress Tamara Ecclestone earned just £65 a week from his firm last year, it was revealed today. Jay Rutland, 34, who is married to the 30-year-old daughter of Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone , saw his company bring in just £3,378 over the 12 months to July 2014. The training consultant’s firm Brigante Business Developments (above) - which is based in Battersea - had total net assets of £3,378 down from £18k
Sam Cam’s tootsies were not very Tory.
Mancini is angry at his players' attitude, Ausilio says they will train on Sunday and Mancini refuses to accept that the San Siro crowd affected them.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was today given six terms of five years to life in prison after admitting the murders. Three will run consecutively, which means she will spend at least 15 years in prison - and likely much longer. She is pictured today .
A car crashed into a house in Geelong, leaving a baby girl in an induced coma. The driver was allegedly attacked by the man who lived there at the time of the crash.
Pietersen is back in the game, and he's not going away.
The moon is made of Earth, not Theia.
Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned as he closes in on a return to first-team action.
Horse rider was arrested for DUI while riding a horse on US 23.
The most expensive ticket to watch Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight is $128,705.
Police arrested a 19 year old Aboriginal man, beat him up and then released him.
A father who was arrested for using medical cannabis on his critically ill two-year-old daughter has pleaded for the government to legalise the drug as her health continues to decline. After hearing positive stories about the benefits of using the controversial treatment, he decided to give it a try and administered it himself. Despite his claims that it improved her condition, he was charged with administering a dangerous drug and refused access to his sick daughter.
The Welsh government's 'reducing the risk of cot death' leaflet, which offers similar advice to the NHS in England, says parents should not share a bed with a young baby if they "feel very tired" or take drugs. But coroner Mark Layton said: "The advice is that it is not wrong to share a bed with your baby – but you should refrain from doing so if you are 'excessively tired'."
Kidulthood actor Adam Deacon sent abusive tweets including a death threat to the film's writer because he thought he was trying to ruin his career.
Green Party supporters are the most likely to take long-haul trips, while Labour voters are the least inclined to book a romantic getaway with their partner.
David Lammy, a senior Labour MP, has admitted that the party would look to 'forge a common alliance' with the SNP to ensure Ed Miliband becomes Prime Minister.
Labour will introduce a new legal right to ‘granny leave’ to allow working grandparents to take time off. The party's deputy leader Harriet Harman, in an interview with the Daily Mail, said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order for them help care for their grandchildren . More than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back...
Amal Clooney's style is so expensive that she can afford to buy a new wardrobe every month.
Debbie Jevans is back in the public eye.
Sir Stirling Moss is a wine-drinking, press-up enthusiast who drives an electric car.
Americans are five times less interested in the new royal baby than they were with George.
The Catholic Church has a long history of covering up child sex crimes. The Vatican is finally taking action against bishops who fail to report suspected abuse, but it's too little too late.
Messi is back to his best, Barca are top of the league and PSG await in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
The first ever NBA game in Africa will be played on August 1st. The teams are: Team World - Chris Paul, Luol Deng, Mike Budenholzer and Dikembe Mutombo
The Tories are on course to lose four seats to Labour, but the real shift in the seats is a huge squeeze on Ukip's vote.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Illinois is dancing to Taylor Swift's Shake It Off.
British Transport Police have drafted in 400 extra officers to help with crowds in London over the weekend. Liverpool take on Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday with thousands of fans of both sides expected to descend on the capital 24 hours earlier. Sportsmail understands officers will be stationed on trains travelling down from the north and Midlands ahead of Saturday's games .
Amy Hughes is a 26 year old sports therapist who decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year, to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour. The athlete also ran into new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley – who was part of her support crew and cycled alongside Amy for 26 miles every day throughout her challenge . But the athlete also ran into new relationship after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley – who was part of her support crew.
Rita Ora is a global superstar, who has already conquered the fashion world and now she's taking over adidas.  The singer-turned-designer will be releasing her new range on May 1st.
Aubrey de Grey is a man who believes we can live to 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age. He has been mocked by many academics but his theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley.
Stanford student poisoned two classmates' water bottles with formaldehyde, confessed to police. She's now facing 4 felony poisoning charges and could face 8 years in prison if convicted.
Rotherham have a serious fight on their hands to avoid relegation from the Championship after they were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired. The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed on the first day of the deal's implementation, President Hassan Rouhani said Thursday. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran's supreme leader, meanwhile told state-run media outlets he is neither in favor nor against a proposed deal because it isn't final and he's not certain it will become binding because he has "never been optimistic about negotiations with the U.S." Six world powers and Iran reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
Southwest Airlines made a four-year-old girl with Spina Bifida happy on her birthday.
Manny Pacquiao is a great fighter but also a good person.
A sandstorm in Belarus caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob - which is Arabic for an intense dust storm.
11-year-old autistic boy who miraculously survived four nights alone in Victorian bushland has been reunited with his rescuers. Doctors say they are stunned with how healthy Luke Shambrook appeared, considering he had gone without food or water since Good Friday. Sitting up in his hospital bed, the young boy is seen flanked by two people from the search and rescue team who made the dramatic find on Tuesday, just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park , northeast of Melbourne .
James Ward-Prowse is a quiet, humble young man who has been making steady progress at Southampton. He scored the winner for England U21s against Germany and will be hoping to make his mark on the senior side this summer.
A Florida bus passenger was arrested for throwing a Snickers bar at the driver's head after threatening him and being disruptive during the ride, according to police. Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When...
Angelina Jolie's acclaimed film about the kidnap and rape of a 14-year-old girl in Ethiopia has helped burnish her image as a human rights campaigner. But the Hollywood star is at the centre of controversy after the makers of Difret were accused of exploiting Aberash Bekele, 32, who was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. Fear: Aberash Bekele (second left) believes that Angelina Jolie's film could put her and her family in danger .
Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he's ever seen. He lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. His wife Teresa is serving a 15-month federal sentence on fraud charges and will be released in May 2017 when her term ends .
A nurse has been charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off a patient's life support without permission. Police in Canada have also charged Joanna Flynn, a former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, with criminal negligence causing death. The 50-year-old was arrested on Thursday and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada
John Howard was recently photographed standing on the footpath outside the Sydney Conservatorium of Music in the heart of Sydney as his driver got down on his knees to jack up their car.
The family of Michael Brown, the unarmed black teenager who was shot and killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri last year , is planning to file a lawsuit against the city.
Chelsea quartet soaked Stamford the Lion after he lost their kick-ups contest at Cobham.
Utrecht had 12 players on the pitch during the first-half of their 1-1 draw with Ajax . The referee blew his whistle to signal a substitution and Duplan was sent off for protesting. He then realised he'd been substituted and made his way off the field, hopping over advertising hoardings in order to explain himself to Utrecht's bench.
Sydney's two-day total rainfall totally about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death his wife at their home in July 2014.
Bolasie is a great player, but he's not worth £20m.
Wiggins will attempt to break the hour record on June 7 at London's Olympic Velodrome.
Flower is a dirty player.
A man was banned from keeping pets and had a bunch of animals living in filth. He refused to surrender his animals to the deputies on Wednesday, calling them 'his children'. The 71-year-old will be charged with 72 counts of failure to provide shelter and could face thousands in medical bills once the cats and dogs have been fully assessed.
Ian Poulter is a man who knows what he wants, and will not be denied.
Erik Compton is a golfer who has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead.
Spieth is a good guy, Poulter and Stenson are not.
Lucy Mecklenburgh is a fitness guru and has been busy filming her latest fitness DVD in the hope to help kick-start a new ‘summer body’ fitness regime. And Lucy is certainly a postergirl for the healthy lifestyle she preaches, admitting that working out has become an essential part of her daily life. 'If I’m having bad day I always have a workout,' she said.
A man has gone to extreme lengths to avoid a $600-a-month hike in child support.
Google is reportedly in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of Three network, to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network . Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan , regardless of where in the world they are.
Mary Cowan, a primary school teacher who taught at Sir Chris Hoy's former school has left a share of the £2million fortune she made from stocks and shares to help children from poorer backgrounds. Mary Cowan, 92, generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to George Watson's College in Edinburgh where she had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children. Ms Cowan never married and worked and lived in Edinburgh her whole adult life until retiring from the college in 1981 .
A British citizen was arrested in Burma for posting a picture of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook. He has been sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court, despite apologising profusely for the post. The Foreign Office says it is 'following the case closely'.
Barry Hearn has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to Reanne Evans. Doherty, the 1997 world champion, led the calls for Evans to be handed another chance on the main tour but Hearn says she must go through qualifying school first.
Nicky Morgan says she would quit the Cabinet if the Tories entered a power-sharing deal with Ukip.
Straight guy friend asks gay friend to prom. Gay guy accepts and posts photo of the two together on Twitter. Internet goes crazy, straight people are now calling him a hero for being so supportive of his gay friends' dreams.
Mark Selby 6-3 Kurt Maflin.
Nigel Farage is a racist.
Tony Abbott drank a beer in seven seconds. http://t.co/qYxXZQ3z7R — The Daily Mash (@TheDailyMash) September 30, 2014
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator, as the government prepares the village to become a new tourist stop .
Bobbi Kristina Brown is still in a coma, but her condition has improved.
The discovery of bronze artefacts at the Rising Whale site in Alaska suggests that trade between East Asia and the New World was taking place hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus arrived.
Mohammed Emwazi, the British jihadi now known as Jihadi John, planned to join a different terror group in Somalia years before becoming a member of ISIS.
Russia is preparing to use nuclear weapons against the West.
Son makes six hour journey to dig his mother's grave, only to find council failed to do the work. Council apologises and provides refund.
Selby wins 10-2.
Grigor Dimitrov wins 6-1, 6-2.
A delivery driver was pulled over and questioned under anti-terror laws after taking pictures of police vehicles parked in a bus stop.
Tesco is encouraging its staff to get fit by dancing and running on the spot in store.
Blind man left 'completely embarrassed and humiliated' after staff at his local Post Office refused him entry with his guide dog.
David Cameron has warned voters that they have '11 days to save Britain', as he claimed Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed'. The Prime Minister said the Scottish National Party would prop up a minority Labour administration in the hope that the government would be a 'disaster' and bring forward its dream of independence. But Liberal Democrat Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accused Mr Cameron of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling between Scotland and England in a way that would only fuel support for independence in next year's Scottish Parliament elections.
The house used for the show is a 20,000 square foot mansion in Barrington, Illinois. It's listed at $13 million and has five bedrooms and nine bathrooms. The interior decor is opulent with wood paneling throughout .
John Carver is fighting for his job.
Skin cells attach to each other using microscopic tubes that pull them together like a zipper.
Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage. It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome . The phone's location is then pinpointed and clicking a 'Ring' button beneath the map will then remotely call it.
Don't blindly follow your sat nav down a country lane and end up with your roof suspended in the air.
Apple is looking to boost the battery on iOS devices but also its range of MacBooks.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has a 'problem with race', according to Labour's Chuka Umunna.
Wigan Warriors 24 (Larne Patrick, George Williams tries; Ryan Hampshire 2 goals) Salford Red Devils 18 (Weller Hauraki sin-binning, John Bateman red carded; Niall Evalds 2 tries) HT: 12-8
Plunkett is back in the England Test team and wants to 'rough them up' with pace.
A California mother has opened up about the horrific experience of watching her once-vibrant daughter fade away and die from a little understood brain-eating amoeba. Sybil Meister firmly believes her daughter Koral Reef picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013. Reef married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later.
Allan Donald is leaving South Africa's coaching staff.
A priest in Italy was sacked after an online lover contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats. The diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0. Valencia are now 4th on 65 points, with Atletico Madrid in 3rd on 66 points.
Hillary Clinton is the first female presidential candidate in US history. She will be held to a higher standard than any male candidate, and she'll have to prove that women can win elections at equal rates.
A Vermont man was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of his wife, who disappeared from her home on June 27, 2013. Her badly decomposed body with her hands and head detached was found 10 days later in Unity. The judge said he took into account the extent to which Robarge went to conceal his wife's killing and body as well as their history of domestic violence .
Texas has banned a Lamborghini from having its license plate spelled 'A**HOLE' upside-down.
Liverpool are in crisis.
England have options for the second Test, which starts on Tuesday.
Katie Hopkins is a vile racist.
QPR are taking a chance on Fer, who has struggled for form and fitness since arriving from Norwich in the summer.
England were in a position to win the first Test, but couldn't get the job done. The West Indies will be happy with their draw and England will have to regroup for Grenada.
Iniesta is back.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman. He has become the loose cannon of English cricket — and he has yet to take up office.
A 16-year-old boy attempted suicide after months of bullying. A teenage girl saved his life by performing CPR on him and summoning help from a friend. He is now recovering in hospital .
Family of conjoined twins who died 19 days after they were born have been left mortified after they arrived at their gravesite to find cemetery staff had cleared the baby section of all mementos and tossed them in the rubbish.
The town council is really pleased to be able to take on the ownership of the toilets. The cost of running toilets is astronomical. The town council simply doesn't have the money to do it for nothing so it was felt that if we charge 20p it would be something towards it .’
Canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria, hitting one of the Sunni militant group's garrisons. The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Canada's Department of National Defence said Wednesday. It described the strike as successful.
The Duchess of Cambridge is already up to four days overdue with her second child - and her labour could now be induced this week. The 33-year-old royal’s baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to actually be as early as Wednesday last week. Either way Kate – who plans to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London – is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced.
Tennessee's Supreme Court has vacated the execution dates of four inmates, effectively halting all executions while the courts decide whether current protocols for putting people to death are constitutional. Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009. Since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions.
A 14-year-old boy who hanged himself five months after his mother lost her battle with cancer would wear her favourite bandana and spray her perfume round the house after she died. William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother, Alison Overton, following her death from leukaemia. The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease.
The earthquake has destroyed the Shiva temple and Narayan pagodas in Kathmandu, as well as several other Hindu temples. The Boudhanath Stupa is still standing but its smaller neighbor was damaged.
Michelle Mone is buying her ex-husband out of the 'dream home' they once shared.
Grandma was driving her 10-year-old grandson home from the pool when she crashed into a car that was stopped at an intersection. She failed all field sobriety tests and smelled of alcohol, refused to take a breathalyzer test, and is facing DUI charges including driving with a .15 or greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
A doorman was fired for being too nice.
A man won a free trip to Puerto Rico, but his wife couldn't join him because she stayed home to care for their child. He posted photos of himself looking miserable on the plane and in the sea, with each one showing him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife.
A drone strike killed a hostage held by al Qaeda in Pakistan. The Italian government says the man was kidnapped and killed accidentally, but his family members say he was murdered.
Australia's pack will be a force to be reckoned with at the World Cup.
Hillary Clinton makes more money for an hour's worth of work than the country's top CEOs.
Australian model turned jihadi Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State (IS). The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio while tributes to the young man flooded social media. Somali broadcaster Ibrahim Mohamed said he had spoken with the family on Wednesday who told him Sharky had died after being shot.
Sophia's video is a great way to explain same-sex parenting to children.
Argentina is threatening to prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands coast, as tension rise on the 33rd anniversary of the conflict.
A man was found guilty of manslaughter in the death of his wife, who died after being suffocated. He then took his own life as he was being led away from the courthouse.
A sexy Italian political candidate who has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis has denied using her looks to get votes. The relatively unknown Stefania La Greca was suddenly catapulted into the limelight after the sexy shots of the Lega Sud Ausonia party candidate went viral. But she defended her photographs and said they were not an attempt to boost her election campaign - she had simply been born beautiful .
Airbus are going to cram an extra seat into the middle section of their A380. The change is due to come into place in 2017 . The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats .
The Church is not just a collection of beautiful old buildings; it is a living, active force doing great works across our country. When people are homeless, the Church is there with hot meals and shelter. When people are addicted or in debt; when people are suffering, or grieving - the Church is there.'
The Clinton Foundation has been accused of taking money from foreign governments while Hillary was Secretary of State. The charity is now refiling its tax returns to account for the donations, and two GOP presidential hopefuls - Ted Cruz and Ben Carson - want it to return every dollar it received from foreign nations since it launched more than a decade ago.
A conman stole a pensioner's life savings and used it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon. He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception. Sentencing him, judge Alan Parker said: 'You plainly saw him as a soft target'
A senior Islamist party official convicted of crimes against humanity has been executed in Bangladesh. Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka . The assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war and was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said .
A friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a .270 rifle.
Scientists believe that the pukao, or 'hats,' were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the statues (examples are pictured left and right), some of which measure up to 40 ft (12 metres) tall. The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD. All but 53 of them have overly-large heads and are thought to be living faces of deified ancestors.
Lucas Leiva is relishing the prospect of a long-awaited Wembley appearance after injury robbed him of the chance three years ago.
Kate's fashion choices have boosted Seraphine's sales.
A group of tourists caught a shark in New Zealand and then dragged it into shore, where they posed for photos with the creature. The video was filmed by one of the men who uploaded it to YouTube.
A 26-year-old man was jailed for eight months after he was caught with a stun gun, baton and knuckle dusters in his luggage when he returned from holiday. Paul Armstrong (pictured) of Sunderland pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons Judge John Milford QC told Newcastle Crown Court: 'The general public need to be warned about the gravity of bringing home such souvenirs'
A pony was beaten to death with a block of concrete. The pony's owner is offering a reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible.
Mario Gomez has poured cold water over suggestions he could join Barcelona in the summer by insisting he is content with life at Fiorentina.
Man was beaten by a family with glass bottles and windscreen wipers at a McDonald's drive-through after he waved at them thinking they were his friends.
A man who raped his ex-girlfriend was released from prison and called her to tell her he’d be out soon. She said she felt “trapped by his behaviour”, but the judge said it was because of how he treated her in the past that she feels this way.
Jennifer Saunders is writing a film of Absolutely Fabulous, and it will be set in London. It will feature all the main characters from the series, including Patsy Stone (Joanna Lumley) and Edina Monsoon (Jennifer Saunders). The plot involves everyone who has ever been in the show.
Brian Williams lied at least 11 times, and the investigation is ongoing.
The Model T is an icon, but with a top speed of 45mph - if going downhill with a following wind - drivers cannot get anywhere very fast.
Periscope is a great app when used responsibly, but it's also full of sexual harassment and bullying.
A gym teacher in New Hampshire has been accused of posing as a young girl on social media and persuading an elementary school student to share inappropriate images of herself.
Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members were caught on camera urinating and spitting on disabled veterans, throwing beer bottles at them and ripping an American flag to shreds. The students are also accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen by hurling abuse at them during a charity weekend in Panama City Beach, Florida.
Man swallows hundreds of coins and other objects, then complains of stomach ache. Doctors find mass in his stomach.
The U.S. and its European partners want the capacity to quickly reinstate sanctions if Iran reneges on any part of the agreement . The Iranian government has said it will not accept a deal that does not end all nuclear-related sanctions, including those imposed by the United Nations Security Council, which is dominated by Russia and China . 'We are ready for negotiations with our friends in Europe,' Rouhani told reporters today after meeting with his French counterpart Jean-Marc Ayrault in Tehran.
A 14-year-old girl accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial, a judge ruled on Friday. Cheryl Silvonek's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia, and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond a few miles from the family home. Jamie Silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates , county officials said .
Rod Blagojevich is now a white-haired old man.
South Africa is experiencing a wave of xenophobic attacks. The violence started after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go" because they are taking jobs from citizens, local media reported.
"Good lighting for me makes a shot. If I'm taking a portrait of someone, I'd much prefer to use natural lighting than a light bulb or manufactured lighting!" "I make use of the rule of thirds quite a lot: if you imagine the screen split up in three thirds, you place the subject in one corner.
Sterling is a 20 year old kid who has been playing great football for Liverpool. He's not ready to move to Real Madrid, so he should stay at the club that have helped him develop and sign his contract.
Brentford 1 Derby 1.
The Hawks are in the playoffs.
Van Gaal has delivered on his first-season aim of returning Man United into Champions League .
Oblak is a brilliant young goalkeeper who has already proved himself at Atletico Madrid. He will be the number one for years to come and could even become world class.
A prisoner in Oregon has been slapped with an extra 30 days behind bars - for dropping his trousers and flashing a judge.
Teenage Aldi worker Christian Trousedale became an internet hit after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner's shopping home went viral.
ISIS beheads three men accused of being Assad agents, working for the Syrian government. The new eight-minute video shows the men - wearing orange Guantanamo-style jumpsuits with their hands and feet in chains - sitting in a dirty, underground room. After giving information about each of the prisoners in Arabic, they are blindfolded and filmed on their way to an execution point .
Karl Lagerfeld is in love with a cat. The fashion designer says: ‘She’s the centre of the world, when you see her you understand. She is kind of Greta Garbo.'
A 24-year-old woman died of a heroin overdose in the bathroom of a pizza restaurant where she worked. Her family has written an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs .
Author Jonathan Maitland says the public is ready for his play about Jimmy Savile, which stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as the disgraced paedophile.
Darren Bent is open to a return to Aston Villa, but only if Tim Sherwood remains in charge.
Botox is a neurotoxin that can cause death. It's off-label, meaning it was not approved by the FDA for use in children. The Fortunas' daughter died from an overdose of Botox administered by Dr. Benjamin, who has been accused of over-prescribing Botox to children and adults with no medical need .
Zidane thinks Hazard is better than Messi and Ronaldo.
The SNP is the least popular potential coalition partner.
Nigeria's election is a moment of maturity in West African politics. Buhari, who some 30 years ago was Nigeria's harsh military leader, could of course prove to be a disaster; so many self-described reformers have been. But the peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Buhari is the first of its kind in history.
Beefy’s. The ECB have been forced to apologise after a tweet from their official account was sent out on the day of England's first Test against India, which read: "The weather forecast for tomorrow is sunny with a high of 26 degrees and light winds." It was quickly deleted but not before it had been retweeted by many people who were unaware that the ECB are responsible for such tweets.
Fad diets are not a good idea. They can be dangerous and don’t work long-term. If you want to lose weight, eat real food - lots of it!
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including faster methods of propulsion. Other projects include improved habitats for humans and small satellites to explore deep space. And one company says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days .
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas. The New Shepard vehicle rose to an altitude of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space .
Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season.
Holy Week is a week of religious celebration in the Philippines, Spain and Belarus. It's also a time for penitents to flagellate themselves with whips and sticks.
Harry Kane, Eden Hazard and John Terry are the three players Youssouf Mulumbu has selected for his PFA Player of the Year awards . The West Brom midfielder posted an image of his voting slip to Twitter on Wednesday and asked his followers: 'What do u (sic) think?!' Harry Kane has been given the nod by Youssouf Mulumbu for this season's players' Player of the Year award .
Celtic will win the Scottish Premiership title if they beat Kilmarnock and Aberdeen lose all their games.
Jeremy Clarkson is back on the job market.
Elizabeth Jane Howard, who died in 2014 aged 90, amassed a spectacular collection of Greek, Egyptian and Roman jewellery during her lifetime. Now the collection is to go under the hammer with auctioneers saying they expect it to fetch up to £20k
A seven-year-old British boy has died after getting separated from his parents on a family skiing holiday in the French resort of Flaine near Geneva. He fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents. Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events, but they believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on Friday after leaving the marked ski slope to look for his family
American doctor Ellen Gallant was on Everest when the devastating earthquake struck. The tremors sparked a huge avalance killing 18 people, with Ms Gallant and another doctor desperately trying to save those injured . An experienced climber, Dr Gallant had been training for 10 years to climb Everest.
Ronaldo was unfairly cautioned for diving.
Mercury is a dead planet. It's not even worth sending probes to it anymore, because they'll just get vaporized by the sun.
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. It is available online for just £80 and can be worn again rather than being stashed away . Aside from the lace bust, it features a mixture of nylon, cotton and polyester.
The Prudhams are a family of 12, and they get £39k in benefits. They're planning to renew their vows in Las Vegas for £10k.
The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. The school tweeted out a statement saying the 'decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression.' That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was ‘a mistake’ to call off the screening.
Child star Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday morning. His manager said there were no signs of trouble before he took his own life.
Eat a healthy diet, exercise regularly and drink plenty of water.
A woman in Oklahoma claims to have found a dead animal with 'a little truck' for a nose, 'little toes', and hair on its tail. The creature is being called the Chupacabra by locals.
Steve Miller wants to put fat people in prison, ban them from planes and cinemas, and force them to pay for two seats on a plane.
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza. Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight .
The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines last January. The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to his capture.
A terminally-ill landlord whose dying wish was to marry his partner of 26 years saw their special day descend into farce after a series of blunders. Geoff Haigh, 61, from Oldham, Greater Manchester wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home. But instead of having the magical day they had planned, the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Badgers are protected by law and people shouldn't be interfering with badgers or setts. This incident is really unusual and surprising, given the time at which it happened. But badgers are pretty headstrong.
A man confessed to killing a 6-year-old boy in 1979, but he was never charged. Now, 33 years later, the case is being tried again and his confession has been reexamined. The defense says that the confession video shows 'a man sitting there convinced he killed a child - on a day that he doesn't know at an unknown location near an unknown bus stop.'
Sexual harassment is a problem in India. It's time to stop ignoring it and start confronting it.
Roseanne Barr is going blind.
Mayweather and Pacquiao will earn a combined $170m (£111m) for their fight, which is set to be the biggest pay-per-view in sport. The two fighters have featured in three of the top 10 highest grossing bouts . Mike Tyson has featured in four of the top 10 highest grossing fights .
Suma is a middle-aged orangutan who has arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain. But on Thursday, amazing photographs were captured of Suma's thorough health examination by surgeons and vets .
Australian couple abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India, leaving him stateless. Australian government officials were aware of the situation and told consular staff they would be leaving him behind because they could not afford to bring both children back to Australia.
A man who was high on a designer drug called Flakka stripped and ran naked through traffic in Fort Lauderdale to escape from imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him.
The White House has opened an all-gender restroom in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. The facility is the first of its kind at the White House and according to spokesman Jeff Tiller it’s something that fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
A prosecutor in Detroit, Michigan, suggested that police should shoot protesters who throw rocks at them.
Man drives through two fences and sprints onto a runway at the Salt Lake City International Airport. He is arrested, faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
A suicidal Air Force veteran claims he was put on hold repeatedly by the VA helpline on Saturday night and almost ended it all as his depression nearly got the better of him. Missing his wife who had recently passed away from cancer, a desperate Ted Koran, 59, phoned the Veterans Suicide Hotline but all he got was a recorded message. Ted said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself on Saturday was to care for 60 rescue animals that Karen had looked after together with him .
A van carrying football fans veers off the road and crashes down on its side sending people flying. The video shows the moment a packed vehicle starts to swerve from side-to-side on what appears to be a dual carriageway. One of the back doors is left open and it can be seen veering across both lanes of the road before crashing down on its side .
DEA agents went to sex parties with prostitutes. The DOJ is investigating the disciplinary process following the accusations of sexual misconduct, and Holder sent a memo on Friday reminding employees not to solicit prostitutes.
Suge Knight was arrested for killing one man and seriously injuring another in his pickup truck. He has pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges. The images released by the court show he only had a slight black eye after being punched during the confrontation .
A pregnant woman who went into a coma woke up to learn she gave birth to a baby boy.
Fenerbahce's bus was attacked by a gunman near Trabzon, Turkey. The driver is injured and the team has called for football to be suspended until the incident is dealt with.
Sissoko is a disgrace and should be banned for life.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during their match at St Mirren.
Game of Thrones is a show about women.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales. Keurig Green Mountain has proved highly successfully and made $4.7 billion in revenue . Among its many coffee flavors available, Keurig sells on its website Krispy Kreme, Starbucks, Folgers, Dunkin Donuts and Kahlua options.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the best player in the world.
England cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick.
A 73-year-old reserve deputy accidentally shot a 44 year old black man to death while trying to use his Taser. The suspect was allegedly caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops in the parking lot of a nearby dollar store.
The researchers picked out 100,000 galaxies of interest, and found that 50 of them were emitting ‘unusually high levels of mid-infrared radiation.’ The energy used by such a race to be noticeable would have to be huge - likely harnessing the power of a galaxy’s stars. But Dr Wright said that ‘fundamental thermodynamics tells us that this energy must be radiated away as heat in the mid-infrared wavelengths.
Richie Sambora threatened to kill his ex-lover Nikki Lund.
Mom arrested for hosting a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter and her friends. Her daughter has now come to her defense on Twitter .
The RHS is calling for people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers and hedges in their front gardens. The society has launched a three year 'greening grey Britain' campaign in a bid to transform 6,000 unloved concrete spaces into planted-up areas. A survey of 2,000 people by the organisation found that 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood .
A group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make it particularly slippery. The ride is said to run way too fast in wet weather and that's why it was closed as soon as they got there. They were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop eventually running into a barricade at the bottom of the slide .
We're all bullies.
A physician and two patients are suing California to allow doctors to prescribe lethal medications for terminally ill adults.
Freddie Gray, 25, died a week after he was arrested and transported in a police van. He sustained serious spinal injuries while in custody. The Baltimore Police Department has been under scrutiny for its treatment of black residents since the death of Freddie Gray .
The Tories want to double the number of first time buyers using government help-to-buy schemes.
The clip has been watched more than 190,000 times, with many viewers deeming it 'cute' and 'adorable'.
Park Inn by Radisson is the first travel brand in the world to offer a virtual holiday experience for the new breed of digital traveller.
McCall has spoken to Mohsni about his discipline. He's not happy with the player's reaction after a poor performance and wants him to be more disciplined in future.
A man died at a swingers party in Hertfordshire. The death is being investigated by the police and an inquest will be opened.
Benteke v Skrtel, Delph v Henderson and Sterling v Vlaar.
This dog is a genius.
The Church of Scientology was reprimanded for using the word Anzac, Woolworths caused controversy by overlaying its logo and 'Fresh in our memories' on photographs of war veterans, Victoria Bitter was allowed to use the term Anzac in its 'raise a glass' campaign.
A piano teacher awaiting a jury's verdict on charges claiming he sexually assaulted an underage student has shot himself outside a New Hampshire courthouse, court officials say. Authorities say 75-year-old John Goodwin, of Atkinson, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. Prosecutors said that Atkinson , who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted a student .
Asian carp are invading the Mississippi River, and they're not happy.
Liverpool fan Stephen Dodd took a photo of two Muslim men praying at Anfield and called it a disgrace. He was reported to the police, who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place. Liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against him
Asian hornets are a threat to our honeybees, and they're coming here.
City need to keep Aguero.
A father and son team have restored a 70 year old P-51 Mustang fighter jet to honor the men who died in combat. The plane is flown by Scooter at air shows around the country.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever. The aim of campaign is to get women to 'wear their support' by shopping the charity collections.
The Russians are testing our defences. They have been doing this for years, and we should be prepared to respond in kind.
A predatory convicted paedophile with an obsession with young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit. Stephen Munden, 54, (pictured) was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook , Hampshire . He is described as about 5ft 8ins tall and of a heavy build.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell has captured the surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand.
A guy flew a gyrocopter onto the Capitol lawn, and he's not going to jail.
A group of good Samaritans stopped to help a group in trouble on the freeway. They were killed when an 18-wheeler ploughed into them and burst into flames.
Klopp would be a great fit for City. He's young, articulate and speaks good English. Pellegrini was never the right man for the job at City anyway.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath. He faces a maximum sentence of death by lethal injection.
Poachers sank their own boat to hide evidence of illegal fishing.
Stoke City are in desperate need of a win at Stamford Bridge.
A tree fell on a car, killing the driver. The owner of the tree is being questioned by police.
Annabel Karmel is a mother of three and has over 40 books to her name. She believes in balance, not fads and says Pete Evans' bone broth diet goes against everything health experts would advise.
A black man was shot by a white police officer in South Carolina. The victim says the shooting has left him unable to work since and needs counseling to help him through the trauma. He wants body cameras for officers, new training and supports non-lethal methods being introduced for police
A Liberal Democrat councillor used the party's headquarters for her bondage and porn film business.
Three men died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern California on Sunday in search of abalone. The Santa Rosa Press Democrat reports that the accident is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory.
A hen farm in Victoria is a hell hole for hens, and the owner has denied claims that they were not being cared for properly.
ISIS has released 216 Yazidi prisoners after nearly a year in captivity. The freed Yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care.
Judge falls asleep during child rape trial, costs taxpayers £10k.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College. They say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death if it wasn't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene .
Jellyfish are not as dangerous as they seem, and if you see one in the water, don't panic. If you do get stung by a jellyfish then follow these simple instructions to remove the stingers and apply shaving cream.
Adam Johnson is a rapist.
The Princes were fed roast chicken by their nanny because they didn't want to eat the traditional English food.
The trailer for Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice has leaked online, and it looks like a lot of fun!
A farmer in China has found himself the talk of the country after one of his goats gave birth to a kid with six legs. The 20-day-old 'spider goat' - as it has been (inaccurately) nicknamed by Chinese web users - was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with 'an extraordinary appetite', according to People's Daily Online .
Charlie Adam scores a wonder goal for Stoke City against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, only to end up losing the game.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and able to hear only 75 decibels in his right. He failed all of the hearing tests he took at birth, but doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible. The first time Elijah blinked, Ahavah had a lot of emotions because she didn't want him to see her cry.
Jennifer Lopez's arms are as impeccably toned as her body. She avoids sugar and salt, gets eight hours' sleep a night and makes herself go to the gym. Her upper-body is just like J-Lo's: perfectly toned!
Didier Drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves the Barclays Premier League leaders with no fit strikers ahead of their game against Arsenal on Sunday.
A dragon is slain by St George. The legend of the slaying of a fire-breathing dragon by St George has been around for over 1000 years.
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Florida's Panama City Beach.
The search for MH370 will be extended, with government officials from Australia, China and Malaysia deciding to double the search area. The airplane is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean off Australia's west coast. By expanding the search area for the downed plane, it could go on for another 12 months , according to government officials .
A boy with autism went missing from a campsite in the Fraser National Park, near Melbourne. He was found alive after five days on his own in thick bushland .
NBC's ratings are down, and Lester Holt is doing a great job.
A chemical plant in China exploded, injuring at least six people and causing a fire that could be seen for miles.
Leicester have been in a relegation fight for the past five months, but are now on course to survive. They have won three of their last four games and will be confident of beating Burnley at Turf Moor next weekend.
Cheryl Rios is wrong. Hillary Clinton should be president because she's a woman, not because of her hormones.
A family-friendly coffee shop had its Facebook page hacked and flooded with pornography after an employee clicked on a malicious link in an email. Staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours, starting at 5pm on Sunday by an 'unknown third party' who then took control of the picture feed. Instead of the usual images of smoothies, coffees and cookies , it was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked .
The best cuts of steak are the ones that have a good marbling and strong beefy flavour. The most important thing is to look out for marbling. Marbling is a great way to tell the quality of the meat .
Texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes. Hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in Angleton on Friday night. More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Photographer Floriane de Lassee captures the essence of what people do when they're alone, in places where they're surrounded by millions of other people. In her photography project, Inside Views , she spots movement in the standstill of the night - she finds lone beating hearts who still have their light on when everyone else is sleeping.
Grandpa's long-lost mother is revealed in a touching video.
Verbruggen is unhappy with the CIRC report verdict. Verbruggen has sent the CIRC report to Swiss lawyers and he also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency. In his letter, a copy of which has been seen by Press Association Sport, Verbruggen says: 'Mr Cookson is in for a surprise if he thinks that I will accept this scandalously biased CIRC report.'
Headmistress stole money from school fund to pay for her own personal expenses.
EU leaders will announce today that only 5,000 refugees who survive the perilous journey will be granted safe haven in Europe and the rest will be sent back.
Nicola Sturgeon is offering to work with Ed Miliband, but he has not responded. She says she will vote against a Tory government if Labour and the SNP can stop it getting off the ground.
The Premier League is the best league in the world.
Fenerbahce bus attacked by gunmen, driver wounded. No injuries to players or staff. Fenerbahce call for Turkish league suspension following attack on team bus .
Cyril Smith was a Labour politician, and then he was a politician for most of his career, for the Liberal party. All this happened well before the Liberal Democrats were even formed.
A man crashed an SUV into a home where two people were sleeping, killing them both. The driver was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries and is cooperating with police.
Maggie Doyne, 28, is the founder of BlinkNow Foundation in Nepal. She started the Kopila Valley Children's Home and School 10 years ago to help children who had lost their parents or suffered neglect. The foundation now runs a school for 350 students and provides food for more than 1,000 people every day through its lunch program.
A 81-year-old man stabbed his granddaughter's ex to death after the couple started arguing following their daughter's first birthday party.
Candlestick Park was home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers, but it also hosted two World Series, eight NFC Championship games and a concert by Paul McCartney.
Arizona's only Hispanic governor, Raul Castro, has died at age 98. Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, family spokesman James Garcia said. He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college and launch a successful career as an ambassador for three Latin American countries under three U.S presidents .
Randy Lerner will attend the FA Cup final.
Former Eurovision contestant Ronnie Carroll has died aged 80, just two days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper. An Electoral Commission spokesperson told The Sun Mr Carroll could still potentially win, although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought. He died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself.
Sofia Vergara is being sued by her ex-fiance for the embryos they created together. The lawsuit alleges that she's trying to destroy them, but he wants them preserved until both parties reach an agreement.
Davon Durant's girlfriend has recanted her story, claiming that she lied about the assault because she was jealous. The 19-year-old woman said that during her interview with police after the March 7 incident, officers asked her questions that were 'almost suggestive.' Who's lying?
Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on February 19. He was eventually booked into jail two days later.
Chelsea's academy is a great place to be, but it doesn't guarantee you a first-team spot.
A boy of 11 is among children arrested over a spate of fires across Welsh countryside which have cost £500,000 to fight. Five children were questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone. Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ‘unprecedented’ scale of destruction, which is mainly being blamed on gangs of youngsters.
French coach driver forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway in Dartmouth, Devon . Eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slid into the estuary. Tourists and locals enjoying the sunshine at Dartmouth gathered to watch as he turned back when it tried to board a ferry on Kingswear side of River Dart.
