Dysart, who played Leland McKenzie in the long-running NBC drama "L.A. Law," has died at 86. Dysart was nominated for an Emmy four straight years for his role as a cranky senior partner of the firm McKenzie, Chaney and Kuzak (played by Brackman). He also appeared in movies such as "The Day of the Locust" (1975), "Prophecy" (1979) and "Mask" (1985).
The Royals have a history of getting into trouble with other teams. They've been fined for their actions in the past, and they're still paying off that fine.
Sir Frank Kitson is being sued for allegedly killing a man in Northern Ireland more than 40 years ago. He denies the claim and says he was not even there at the time.
EasyJet has been charging stranded customers a £10 fee for proof that their flight was cancelled. The charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month. They were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation, but easyJet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee.
Apple Watch is a smartwatch that can be worn on the wrist. It's not a phone, but it does have some of the same functions as phones. Apple has been working on this product for years and it's finally ready to go into production — so what are you waiting for?
Japanese women swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne.
The girl who started the fire was not charged with arson. The court heard that a discarded cigarette could have caused the blaze which claimed Stephen Hunt's life.
Balotelli's tweet is a reminder that he has been at Liverpool for just over two years and his time there will be remembered as one of the most successful periods in the club's history. He was signed by Brendan Rodgers from Inter Milan for £16m in January 2011, but it took him until August 2012 to make his first-team debut. The Italian striker scored on his Premier League debut against Sunderland at Anfield, before scoring twice more against West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa .
Cathryn Parker, 72, has been living as 74 different people. She was arrested for identity theft and is now in federal custody.
The plane was damaged, but no one was injured. The incident happened at the airport in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Taylor Swift's mom has cancer.
Rangers have won their first two league games of the season and are now level on points with Hibs.
Francis Coquelin has defended Olivier Giroud after Henry claimed the Frenchman is not good enough to win the Premier League.
Teacher banned from classrooms for calling Asian job applicant 'Taliban' and referring to special needs pupils as 'roadkill'.
Arsenal will be the more likely to score, but Chelsea have a better chance of winning.
Celtic 2-0 St Mirren. The result was a foregone conclusion but the manner of it, and the way Celtic took their chances, were worthy of praise. It was a night to remember for Deila’s side as they showed that they are capable of winning games when given an opportunity — even if this one wasn’t quite so straightforward.
The Nigerian government is doing nothing to stop the Boko Haram violence. The UNICEF report says that "the vast majority of the displaced -- more than 880,000 -- are staying with host communities with little access to humanitarian support."
Turkey blocks access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz held during an armed siege last week. The Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' his wife and children.
Jake Castner is a drug addict who has been on the run for five days. He's taunting police with his Facebook page and bragging about how he can't be caught when he's prowling.
The situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, the researchers say. The new figures come just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to A&E are unnecessary .
Liverpool are interested in Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto. Liverpool have been linked with a move for the Brazilian keeper, but his agent has revealed that no decision has been made yet.
Sinfield is a great player and he will be missed by Leeds fans. He's also going to play rugby union for the Rhinos, which is a good thing.
Senator Thad Cochran's personal assistant has been charged with trafficking drugs from China to use as payment for sexual favors.
It's not a trifle, it's a shepherd's pie.
Hulk is a superhero, not a super-hero. Hulk's new contract comes at a time when many Russian football clubs are struggling with financial problems because of the low value of the ruble, which has lost almost half of its value against the dollar in recent months .
If you're having a baby, name it after your dad. If not, don't.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a Motorhead gig in 1984. The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later, on December 2 1984, it became an iconic music venue that hosted some of rock's biggest names . It has remained abandoned for 30 years until now when Mr Lawless took these incredible pictures .
Kelly-Anne Bates was brutally murdered by her boyfriend James Smith. She was starved and beaten to death, but the police were unable to help because she was 16 years old. Her parents are still haunted by their daughter's murder 20 years on .
Mayweather is a great fighter, but Pacquiao has the edge in terms of experience.
Badou Jack is a world champion. He's also the WBC super-middleweight champion, and he beat Anthony Dirrell on Friday night in Chicago. Badou Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards back in 2014 .
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late and when it got to Wichita Falls the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport who could turn them on. Plane: American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport (file photo) TL;DR: American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport (file photo) TL;DR: American Eagle Flight 2536 is now back in service after being grounded for an hour due its radio frequency not working properly with another aircraft's control tower.
Williams was convicted of maliciously wounding Mr Coleman with a hammer. She claimed she believed he was about to kill her brother and acted out of panic. Williams will be banned from contacting the Coleman family indefinitely, and ordered to pay a £120 surcharge for breaching the terms of her release order .
Tony McCoy has retired from racing after a record-breaking career. He will be remembered as one of the greatest jockeys in history, and his son Archie is now a racehorse owner.
Petr Cech has posted a YouTube cover of U2's 'Magnificent' to his Twitter followers.
Liverpool have offered no comment on the pictures of Sterling and Ibe holding a shisha pipe. The club has said that it will deal with the matter internally.
The BBC's coverage of the FA Cup semi-final was better than Sky's, but it wasn't good enough to beat them.
A woman who stole from her parents to pay for shopping sprees was jailed.
A four-year-old boy's wheelchair was stolen from his mother's apartment in Maryland. The suspect is described as a white male, about 5'10" tall and wearing a dark jacket and pants. He may have been driving an older model car with tinted windows .
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia was climbing in Scotland when he fell and his safety rope saved him. He said: 'I never think that I'm going to die in these situations - I never consider death as an option.'
Palace are confident Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha’s mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon. The electrifying winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan Pardew took over in January . ‘If he is going to go, he’s going to have to for a lot of money,’ Pardew said.
A man who was once a running mate of the late Kentucky governor has legally changed his name to Gatewood Galbraith after a local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won enough votes.
Jordan Spieth is back to work this week at the RBC Heritage Classic after two days celebrating his victory at Augusta National and being showered with attention.
The EU's organic fish directive is based on a scientific principle that 'like cures like', which means that homeopathic remedies are not effective.
Anderson was sent off for a shove on Otacilio Neto, but his colleague Fabricio showed two middle fingers to the crowd.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on the eve before Anzac Day commemoration services are to take place at the site. The man, from Palm Beach in Brisbane's south, reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at the Shrine of Remembrance in Anzac Square on Friday afternoon. Police told Daily Mail Australia they arrested the 66-year-old for a 'breach of the peace' at around 1pm.
DPS is not happy with Snoop Dogg and has reprimanded him for posing for a photo with them.
If you want to be a Keycamp type of person, this is the place. If you want to be an Eurocamp type of person, this is the place.
The head transplant is a long way off, but the science is there.
A baby girl has been badly disfigured in a dog attack at home after her parents left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields. Ten-week-old Qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital, following emergency surgery to repair her mauled face. Her mother told the People's Daily Online: ‘We left after our baby girl fell asleep.
David Cameron's chocolate is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband's comes in a red raspberry flavour and Nick Clegg has honeycomb chunks.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are getting married in Dunblane Cathedral. The couple have been together for nine years, but they've only just announced their engagement. They're both British tennis stars who met as teenagers and have been together since then .
A woman drowned while snorkelling in Byron Bay, NSW. Her husband posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on Facebook.
The EU is going to abolish quotas on milk production, which will drive up prices for consumers. The price of a pint of milk in the UK has fallen by around 10p since the end of quotas in 1984.
A teacher was shot in the head by a masked intruder during an active shooter drill. She believes she would have died if not for her own training and preparedness, but is suing the school district because it didn't do enough to protect her from harm.
A British woman was allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana. Her family are desperately seeking answers as they try to piece together fragments of information.
Iron Man's suit is made of a gold-titanium alloy, but it would be too heavy to move around in. It later gets upgraded to a nickel-titanium alloy called nitinol - which is poisonous and killing the character . The Iron Man suit was originally made of iron, but he later upgrades it with gold-titanium alloy (pictured) In Avengers: Age Of Ultron , Tony Stark creates an element that can heal itself after taking damage.
A light aircraft crashed in the Dominican Republic. The pilot was attempting to make an emergency landing after taking off from Punta Cana when the plane struck the ground in a golf course and burst into flames . A Foreign Office spokesman said: 'We are looking into reports of an incident involving a light aircraft in the Punta Cana region on the Dominican Republic.
Donohoe stole the woman's life savings and spent it on shopping sprees, lavish meals out and gambling. He also changed her will to benefit himself.
The Yellow Submarine cel is the Holy Grail of Beatles memorabilia.
The Bradford fire was an accident. The Popplewell Inquiry was a cover-up. Stafford Heginbotham died in 1995 and the club's chairman at the time, Gerry Sutcliffe, is convinced he knew about fires before they happened but did nothing to stop them happening again.
Baby products are a minefield of choice, but there's no need to panic. Just make sure you're buying the right ones for your baby and that they'll last.
A former Pi Kappa Alpha president was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. He is supposed to appear in court on May 4.
Kai Windsor is a boy who was born as a girl. He has been given hormone treatment to halt puberty and will undergo gender reassignment surgery at the age of 16 if he wants to become an adult man.
Rooney is back in the team and United are playing better football.
Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA Fed Cup semi-final against Italy because of a personal matter.
The Westwood-designed penthouse suite at The London West Hollywood hotel in Los Angeles is a luxury retreat for the fashionista set. It will cost you $25,000 (almost £17,000) per night to stay in this stunning apartment .
A fight broke out at a bar opening inside the casino, which was caused by an argument over drinks.
Memphis Depay is a 21-year-old Dutch international who has been compared to Arjen Robben and Cristiano Ronaldo. He's also being chased by Manchester United, Liverpool and Paris St Germain.
Tidal is a streaming service that pays artists 75% of revenue. It's not owned by the big names who appear on its stage, but rather it's run by Jay Z and his team. The company has been criticized for being too expensive to use and for paying less than other services like Spotify or Apple Music .
A horse rescued from starvation and neglect was given a new life with the woman who saved him.
Lewis Hamilton was not trying to slow down Nico Rosberg. He was just managing his tyres and the car, which is what he does every weekend. Lewis Hamilton's win in China has been overshadowed by a radio message from team boss Toto Wolff that said: "We are going to go faster."
If you don't register to vote, you're taking the colour out of Britain.
The Curl-crested Jay makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound.
The final day of the season will be a battle between Chelsea and Liverpool, with Manchester United hosting West Bromwich Albion. The race for the Champions League is on as both Sky Sports and BT Sport have revealed their line-ups for this weekend's fixtures.
Agoraphobia is a fear of open spaces. Agoraphobics are afraid of public transport, shopping centres and other places where escape might be difficult. The NHS website says that agoraphobia can be caused by panic attacks or being involved in an accident, but it's not always the case - some people develop the condition through a fear of crime or being involved in an accident.
If you're a parent of a child with special needs, take some time to think about how your children might look in superhero costumes. You may be inspired to do the same for them.
A San Fransisco Giants fan beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011 has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season . Bryan Stow  was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game. The father-of-two, who had been a paramedic, was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for swelling in his brain to subside.
If you want to sell your house quickly, pick a round number. If you want to sell it for the most money possible, use an odd number.
The new antibody therapy is effective against HIV and it's cheap.
If you're looking for a bargain, head to Century 21. It's great for dresses and their prices are excellent. If you're after big savings, head to BCBG - it's great for dresses and their prices are excellent.
Blended learning is a way to get students more engaged in their education, and it's cheaper than traditional online courses.
The Daily Mail has a good summary of the event.
Eat when you're hungry, stop eating as soon as you are no longer hungry.
Toni Duggan is on the #RoadToCanada, supported by Continental Tyres . TL;DR: Toni Duggan is on the #RoadToCanada, supported by Continental Tyres . TL;DR: Toni Duggan is on the #RoadToCanada, supported by Continental Tyres
A family was at the zoo and a gorilla charged through the window. The gorilla broke it, but no one was hurt.
Deep brain stimulation is a surgical procedure that has become an established NHS treatment for Parkinson's sufferers whose condition does not respond to drugs. It can also be used to treat other conditions such as chronic pain, major depression and obsessive compulsive disorder.
Pope Francis urges the international community not to 'look the other way' as Christians across the world face violence and attacks because of their religion.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth in April. The Duke and Duchess are expecting a second child, but it's not clear whether they will name the baby after their first or their second.
The US capital is a place where the hunt always ends in a kill.
John Terry has seven goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season - and is the club's joint third-highest scorer.
Bayern Munich have confirmed that David Alaba will be out for around seven weeks with a torn ligament in his right knee. He is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month, Bayern said.
The Warriors are the best team in the NBA and they have a great chance to win their first title since 1975.
A woman died after sitting in a chair for six months. The coroner ruled it was homicide by neglect, but prosecutors are still deciding whether to charge the family members.
A newborn baby girl was found abandoned in an amusement arcade toilet bowl. The mother is still at large and the baby has been named April by staff at Ormskirk Hospital.
Rory McIlroy is a fan of Jeff Knox, who has been helping him with putting.
Byron Schlenker has the world's widest tongue. He is a record breaker and his wife Vicki says he 'makes jokes about Byron's tongue' .
Wilson's message to women is that they should get screened for breast cancer.
Clarkson's contract was not renewed by the BBC, and he is now free to pursue his own career.
Chernomorets Odessa are offering their players houses near the sea in exchange for wages. The club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000 . TL;DR: Chernomorets Odessa are offering their players luxury homes by the sea in exchange for wages.
If you are looking for a breathtaking view, check out these places.
Sherwood is a good manager, but he's not the best. He has a great record against Liverpool and will be hoping to upset them in the FA Cup final.
The Peppelman's were found dead inside their home in Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania. The couple had been killed with a chainsaw and police are investigating the deaths as a murder-suicide .
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a grid girl with champagne after winning the Chinese Grand Prix. The British driver was not offended by his actions and said he did it to show that he is 'a better man than me'.
A woman who was being hauled off to jail for allegedly tearing apart a police cruiser with her teeth and attempting to head-butt a sheriff's deputy.
Pharmacy 2U is selling NHS patients' details to a data company without their knowledge. The chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling NHS patients’ data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of HBOS. A Mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users are being sold to companies that target the sick .
Sunderland are in a relegation battle and will be looking to keep their record going against Newcastle . Sunderland have won the last four derbies against Newcastle but they've lost the last two.
A young Australian rugby player has died following a freak accident during a match in which he hit his head against an opponent's shoulder. Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday .
The GOP field is getting crowded, and the pressure to choose a side will only grow.
The Houthis are fighting back. The Saudis and their allies have been bombing them for three weeks now, but the rebels are still holding out in some areas.
The models are camouflaged in woodland and painted into the background.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson to shore up their defence.
Gold is a beautiful material, but it's not the only one.
Sarah Stage's baby boy James Hunter was born on Thursday, weighing eight pounds and seven ounces. The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock hard abs. But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics.
A pensioner nearly choked to death on a pickled onion after his dog jumped on his back to dislodge it from his throat.
Kurdish youth are being radicalised in the UK, and they’re going to fight for ISIS.
Saeed Kodaimati, a 24-year-old San Diego man who was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Islamic State militants fighting in Syria. He faces two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters. Saeed's Facebook page shows him posing with an ISIS fighter (left) and another man (right).
A new underground city has been discovered in Turkey. The latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens .
Labour candidate collapses in front of audience, then is carried outside to get fresh air.
Everton's win was a good result, but it is not the kind of performance which will help them climb up the table. They have to be careful with their form and focus on getting back into Europe next season.
Aldi is a German discounter that has been growing rapidly in the UK. It’s not as big as Tesco, but it’s still bigger than Waitrose and Sainsbury’s.
Obama's climate change message is a lie.
Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs as ingredients.
A Florida woman who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't. The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it and that his constitutional rights are being violated.
Arsenal are the best team in England and they will win.
Van Dijk is a good player, but he's not the best. He's not even close to being the best defender in Scotland.
Adam and Brooke are polyamorous, they have a five-year-old son from a previous relationship. They live in LA with Jane who is also open to having children with Adam.
England’s top three looked constipated and need a good dose of syrup of figs.
The Anzac Day dawn service will be held at Lone Pine, the hilltop cemetery where thousands of Australian and New Zealand soldiers are buried. The ceremony is expected to draw up to 10,000 people.
Albert Roux is a philanderer who has been having dinner with his mistress.
Women regret their career choices more than men.
The first lady is celebrating the fifth anniversary of her Let's Move! campaign with a visit to the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia. The church will be hosting an Easter egg roll on Monday morning . President Obama and his family are expected to attend Sunday services at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia.
Sherwood has called on his Aston Villa stars to toughen up before they face QPR.
Adult coloring books are a growing trend, and they're being marketed to stressed-out adults.
A woman was killed and another injured when a car fleeing police struck her in San Francisco. The suspects are still at large.
Pippa Middleton is a fitness fanatic and loves to run, so why not get her some of the best running shorts on the market?
The show was a strong punk-rock style, with models sporting dark eye lined eyes and bold eyebrows. The collection also featured black wigs, leather harnessed stiletto heels and high-cut asymmetrical dresses.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. It is a toe-curling moment that many have faced: the supermarket tantrum. And Geoff Whitington pouts and shouts with aplomb.
Don't buy cheap sunglasses.
The Premier League is not the problem. It's Guardiola and his tiki-taka football which has made it so good at Europe's elite club competition.
A woman who lured men into bed with the promise of sex, then drugged them and robbed their homes.
Messi is the best player in the world, but he's also a great person. He has a place at Barcelona until 'he decides to retire'.
Karlie Kloss is a role model for young women and she's giving them the chance to learn how to code.
The defense team is expected to wrap up quickly next week before the jury delivers a verdict. Prosecutor William McCauley announced on Thursday that the prosecution had rested. Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh then sent the jurors home.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider, it was reported today. The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox. Bloomberg, followed by the New York Times, reported Thursday afternoon that Comcast is planning to 'walk away' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government.
A woman stabbed her boyfriend through the heart after he arrived home to find her in a short dress and stockings about to have sex with him, a court heard. Natasha Elderfield, 41, chased her partner off the boat they shared after he discovered she below deck with another man. The jury was told how she flew into a rage when boyfriend Robert Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.
The MasterChef final was a great show, but the judges were not very good.
The most popular players in the Premier League are Mario Balotelli, Daniel Sturridge and Daniel Welbeck. The top five clubs receiving the most abuse online are Chelsea, Liverpool, Arsenal and Manchester United.
A child was hospitalised after falling victim to a prank called 'sleeper' until they passed out. The craze involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen. A senior council boss in Manchester has issued a stark warning about the craze .
Get tidy and organise your wardrobe, cupboards and wardrobes. Paint the walls to give a fresh look . Get rid of marks on doors and frames .
Amnesia is a temporary condition that can occur for any reason. It usually lasts from a few seconds to several hours, but in severe cases it can last months or even years. The leading hypotheses are some form of epileptic event, a problem with blood circulation around the brain, or some type of migraine-like phenomenon.
A man is knocked to the ground by a drunk at Aintree. He staggers and falls, then walks off as people gasp in shock. The video was filmed by a friend of the man who barged into him, knocking him down .
Francis Coquelin is determined to take his chance at Arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira. The Frenchman has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at Championship side Charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances. Vieira was captain during Arsene Wenger's trophy laden beginning to Arsene Wenger's reign and Coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend.
Lily Melrose has 15 DIY style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style, without breaking the bank.
Bresnan is a good bowler, but he's not the answer to England's problems.
The IRS is still targeting conservative groups, and the Obama administration has refused to prosecute Lois Lerner.
Bertrand is a good player, but he's not the best left-back in England.
The Football League awards were a good night for the players, but not so much for the clubs. The big winners were Leicester City and West Bromwich Albion, who both won player of the year. But there was no winner in any category that mattered to football fans — none of them even nominated by their own club or association.
A woman with cancer was removed from a plane because she didn't have a doctor's note. She got an apology, but not before her flight was delayed for five hours and the airline had to pay for hotel rooms in Hawaii.
A 14-year-old girl set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in India. She is now recovering in Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns. The accused have been arrested and the case has been transferred to a higher court for further investigation.
The boys are now 11 and nine, but the video that changed their lives was uploaded eight years ago.
Phelps is back in Arizona, where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehab. He's not sure what to expect, having only recently returned to the kind of hard training he did before the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Phelps is falling back on the mentality he used for much of his career: 'I would just get up and swim as hard as I could and leave it in the water.'
Ed Balls was left stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in Leeds. He was asked to work out the multiplication at the Q&A after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths. During an interview on Good Morning Britain, Labour's shadow chancellor confessed he was relieved...
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman have been charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in their home. The carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by members of the public 360 kilometres north of Brisbane, where they are believed to be dumped by people involved in the industry.
The world's highest bridge is the Eshima Ohashi Bridge in Japan, which has a slope of 6.1% on its Shimane Prefecture side and 5.1% on its Tottori Prefecture side . The second highest bridge is the Millau Viaduct in France at 270m (890ft) above ground level . The third tallest concrete pylon is 800ft high  - higher than most buildings .
Arsenal have the same record as they did at this stage last season.
Barcelona are in a good position to climb the hill after thrashing Almeria 4-0.
Joanna Biggs is a great writer, and this book is an excellent example of her work. But it's not for everyone. I'm sure she'll be pleased to know that the book has been shortlisted for the Orwell Prize (which will be announced on Thursday).
Alain Robert is a French climber who has scaled the world's tallest building without a safety harness. He climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist . The 52-year-old free-climber was arrested for climbing the Burj Khalifa tower in 2011 but this time around he used only tape and chalk.
Rob Ford has announced that he will undergo 'very serious' surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his abdomen in May. He hopes to return to work as a councilor in September, he said.
Wigan's first away win of the season was a deserved victory but they were made to work hard by struggling Wakefield.
Daphne Selfe is the world's oldest supermodel and she looks great in her new Vans campaign.
Hazard is a great player, but he's not the only one. He's just the best at what he does.
The USS Oklahoma was sunk by Japanese torpedoes on December 7, 1941. The remains of nearly 400 sailors and Marines were recovered in the years immediately after the attack.
Bolton Wanderers 2 Norwich City 1.
Emirates is the world's biggest airline and has a huge portfolio of sporting sponsorship deals. The Emirates brand will be seen on everything from football shirts to golf clubs, but it also has a big presence in motorsport.
England captain Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening tour match. He was joined at the crease by Gary Ballance and Ian Bell, who added an unbeaten 102 for the fourth wicket. The pair were dismissed in quick succession to leave England needing just one more wicket to win this match .
Marine Le Pen's father Jean-Marie is a racist, anti-Semitic Nazi apologist. He has been convicted of being an anti-Semite and inciting racial hatred. The National Front leader has tried to distance herself from her father but he remains the party's honorary president and will stand in December's regional elections as a candidate for the presidency .
The FA have confirmed that they are aware of a coin being thrown onto the pitch at Selhurst Park on Monday night. The incident was not serious and no action will be taken against anyone involved.
The Trussell Trust's claim that it served a million hungry people in a year was based on the number of food parcels given out, not the number of individuals asking for help. The charity has now admitted that fewer than half its claimants come forward only once, and 15 per cent make more than three visits to a food bank in a year. It said that the average claimant uses two of the vouchers which entitle them to receive one meal each month from their local food bank.
Stewart is the favourite to take up the role of England cricket director. He has been linked with a number of other roles, including that of head coach at Surrey and as an assistant coach for Australia.
Murray is playing in Madrid and Rome before heading to Paris for the French Open. He will be joined by his new coach Jonas Bjorkman, who has been working with him since he was a teenager.
Klopp is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer. He will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely. Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club .
Pardew is a good manager, but he's not the best.
The Championship is a play-off place for the top two, with the bottom three relegated. The Conference is a play-off place for the bottom four.
A Pennsylvania couple have been killed after their 1923 Model T Ford convertible skidded off the roadway and flipped over. Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59 were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred . First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in a car crash .
The sun is a star, not a planet.
Randy Johnston's prank was a disaster.
The driver of the van that struck and killed a 2-year old in Milwaukee, Wisconsin was shot dead at the scene. A 15 year old boy was also shot and later died - though it's not clear what his connection to the incident was. Police are still looking for a person responsible, but so far they have released few details on this tragic incident .
Pietersen's first game for Surrey since 2013 was a resounding success. He scored his maiden century in red-ball cricket, and took the wicket of Rory Burns . The crowd were treated to some excellent shots from Pietersen, who hit three sixes and four fours on his way to a knock that will be remembered as one of the best he has played in England.
The video is hilarious.
The Polish government is outraged by the FBI director's comments about Poland and its role in World War II.
A man in Arkansas is looking for a girlfriend. He's not sure if he'll find one, but he wants to make it clear that his kids think the sign is cute.
The Czech Republic's Prime Minister is siding with the U.S. Ambassador over President Zeman's plans to attend a Russian World War II parade in Moscow, despite the crisis in Ukraine .
Qatar's World Cup stadium is a 40,000-seater ground built in 'the gateway to the desert' and featuring air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans. The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes . Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, a 40,000-seater ground built in 'the gateway to the desert' and featuring air conditioning for ...
Baldwin was arrested on Friday for allegedly attempting to break into a house. He is being charged with felony burglary and destruction of property.
Cathay Pacific flight from London to Hong Kong canceled after pilot arrested for trying to board with knives in his luggage.
The name Gary is on the way out. The names Elmo and Remus are in danger of extinction.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was caught out when he was tagged in a video on Facebook with his new spouse Philippa. He married her in August 2013 at St John the Baptist church in Kirdford, West Sussex. His first wife Michelle (pictured) discovered she was pregnant at the time and had to leave their home because of police waiting for him outside .
David Seaman says he's the best penalty save of his career and it was a 'special' moment for him.
The English refereeing team for the Champions League quarter-final clash between Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona will be: Mark Clattenburg (referee), Andre Marriner (assistant), Anthony Taylor, Jake Collin, Simon Beck and Stuart Burt.
If you have a skin condition that causes hives, it's probably dermatographia. If you're not sure what your condition is, see your doctor.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has admitted that Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club. The midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury, but Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract. Interest from Arsenal was rejected by Southampton last summer , but Koeman says that upcoming transfer window will be more testing  for a player with ambitions to play in Champions League .
The migrant crisis is a humanitarian disaster. The EU and its member states are responsible for the deaths of hundreds of migrants, many who were not even refugees. It's time to act decisively on this issue, before it gets any worse.
The last four managers to win the Premier League have all left their jobs by the following year. The next manager will be Manuel Pellegrini, who has won two league titles in three seasons at City and is a contender for Manchester United's job should David Moyes leave.
The Malik family were reported missing by their relatives on April 7, but police believe they may have been trying to get to Syria. They are now in custody with four children and a pregnant wife. The couple's eldest son Essa is believed to be the only one who has not yet left Britain .
Jay Rutland is a rich man who married the heiress of a multi-billionaire.
The wives of the three main parties are all wearing identical outfits. The only difference is that one wears a badge and another doesn’t.
Inter Milan's players were furious with their manager after a 1-1 draw at home to Parma on Saturday, and Mancini has cancelled his team's Easter break.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was sentenced to life in prison for killing six of her newborn children. She is thought not have known about the murders .
A car smashed into a house in Geelong, leaving a baby girl in an induced coma. The driver is under police guard at Geelong Hospital and has not been questioned.
Pietersen's return to the England side is a good thing, but he needs to be careful not to overdo it.
Earth and the moon are similar because they formed from a giant impact.
Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned as he closes in on a return to first-team action. The former England international missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury . But, the video suggests that the 28-year old could be ready for a return to action sooner rather than later as he unleashes a flurry of blows.
Kentucky man arrested after horse riding on US 23.
The cheapest tickets for the fight are going for $4,600. The most expensive is a whopping $128,705.
Police brutality is a problem in Australia. It's not just the police, but also the courts and politicians who are complicit in this abuse of power.
The father has been charged for administering medical cannabis to his daughter. He is fighting the charges and wants to see his daughter again.
Co-sleeping is not a risk factor for SIDS. It's just that it's more common than you think.
Deacon is accused of sending abusive tweets to Noel Clarke, a writer for Kidulthood. He was sectioned under the Mental Health Act in January after being charged with possession of a machete in public. Deacon won the Bafta Rising Star Award in 2012 for his directorial debut Anuvahood .
The Green Party are the most likely to take a long-haul holiday, while UKIP supporters are the least likely. The Liberal Democrats love cruise holidays and they’re also more likely to bring their own food on holiday than any other party. They’re also in favour of taking toiletries home with them, whilst Labour voters prefer a romantic break with their partner over going away without one.
David Cameron is threatening the integrity of the United Kingdom by talking up the prospects of Scottish nationalists in a General Election. The Tories are now ashamed that he's doing it, and Labour are not going to be part of his coalition.
Labour's manifesto is a bit of a mess. It has some good ideas, but it also has some bad ones. The party wants to extend paid parental leave and give grandparents the right to take time off work for childcare - which would be great if they actually did it!
Amal Clooney is a fashionista who has the money to spend on clothes.
The Football League is a mess. The board has been in turmoil for months, with the chairman and chief executive both leaving their posts. Jevans was not invited to attend Thursday’s meeting but she did speak at length about her time as England Rugby 2015 boss — which ended when she walked out on her job six months before the World Cup — and how it had affected her life since then.
Sir Stirling Moss is a legend. He's also an amazing driver and he has a car that looks like it was made for him.
Americans are far less interested in the royal baby than they were with Prince George.
Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of an American bishop who pleaded guilty to failing to report a priest who was a suspected child abuser. Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office. But children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more in dealing with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals.
Messi is back to his best after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama. He's also happy again, but he'll be hoping for more goals in the Champions League quarter final against PSG on Wednesday.
The NBA is bringing a game to Africa. The first ever game in Africa will be played by Chris Paul and Luol Deng, two of the best players in the world. It's an exhibition match that will feature Team World vs Team Africa at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa on August 1st.
The Tories are set to gain four seats from Labour, but the party is still in third place in 10 marginal constituencies. The Ukip leader has seen his support collapse by 25 per cent since last year's election and he now sits second behind Craig Mackinlay. In a further blow for Mr Farage, Lord Ashcroft's poll of 10 marginal constituencies today shows that the Tory candidate is on course to lose four seats to Labour but cling on in five .
Dayna Dobias, 18, is hoping to inspire others with her upbeat dance videos . Dayna's mother says she has been a 'rock' for the family. 'She's always there for us,' said Dayna's mother Lisa.
British Transport Police have been drafted in to help with crowds at Wembley and other football matches across London.
Amy Hughes, 26, completed 53 marathons in 53 days to raise money for a friend's daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour. She is now working with Blue Peter and the Dame Kelly Holmes Trust to encourage more children to get active .
Rita Ora's new adidas range is as bold and vibrant as the designer herself.
Aubrey de Grey is a crank who believes we can all live forever. He's not wrong, but he's also not right either.
Stanford University student Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde--a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid--starting last September. Now, the recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison. According to SFGate.com , Ouyang admitted to poisoning two students' bottles as well as her own .
Rotherham have been punished for fielding an ineligible player. They are now just one point above the relegation zone with two games left to play.
Iran's supreme leader says he supports the nuclear deal, but it's too soon to celebrate.
Mazzy was on a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire plane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears.
Manny Pacquiao is a great fighter but he's also a good person.
Sandstorms are a common occurrence in the Sahara, and can occur anywhere. They're not as rare as you might think.
Luke Shambrook was found alive after he went missing from the Candlebark Campground near Lake Eildon on Friday . He suffered from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother Rachel (pictured left) His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss . Luke gave his father Tim a 'big thumbs up' when they saw each other, the family said.
James Ward-Prowse is a free-kick specialist who has been compared to Steven Gerrard and David Beckham . He scored the winner for England U21s against Germany in March.
A Florida bus passenger was arrested for throwing a Snickers bar at the driver's head after threatening him and being disruptive during the ride.
The film is based on a true story. The real-life victim was abducted and raped by two men in Ethiopia, but the filmmakers have used her name without permission.
Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he's ever seen. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence, which will run concurrently with the 41 months he was sentenced to last year on separate charges for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes.
A nurse has been charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off a patient's life support without permission.
The Fixer is a new nickname for the Minister of Education.
The lawsuit will be filed Thursday.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrate the Songkran festival with a game of kick-ups at Cobham .
Duplan was substituted in the 24th minute of Utrecht's 1-1 draw with Ajax at Galgenwaard. The referee blew on Duplan and he appeared to be confused as to why he had been replaced by Tommy Oar . Edouard Duplan is spoken to by the referee as Utrecht appear to have twelve players on the pitch against Ajax .
Sydney's train station flooded on Wednesday, and it was captured on CCTV.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, allegedly beat to death his wife Rebecca in July 2014. He was sentenced to life without the chance of parole for her murder.
Pardew says he is not getting carried away with where Palace are in the Premier League table, but that they will be difficult to take away. He also said that Pulis should get a good reception at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break the UCI Hour Record at London's Olympic Velodrome on June 7.
Flower is back, and he's a different player. He's not the same Flower that we saw in his first spell with Wigan last season. The former Wales international has been out of action for almost two months now, but it seems as though he has finally found his feet again at the DW Stadium .
A man who was banned from keeping pets has been found to be hoarding animals in a filthy mobile home. He is now facing 72 counts of failure to provide shelter and could face thousands in medical bills once the cats and dogs have been fully assessed.
Ian Poulter is the man to beat at Augusta.
Erik Compton is a golfing hero.
The European Tour has a lot to answer for.
Lucy Mecklenburgh is a postergirl and her sister Lydia has joined in the fun.
Child support payments are calculated on information provided to Inland Revenue by parents. Parents can check the information they gave is still up to date, or contact their local MP for advice.
Google is launching a mobile network in the UK, Ireland and Italy. It will be available to customers on its existing plans. Customers can make calls and send texts at no extra cost anywhere in the world, regardless of where they are located .
Mary Cowan, 92, left a large slice of her estate to help children from poorer backgrounds.
The Foreign Office is not aware of Phil Blackwood being a British citizen.
Reanne Evans is not a wildcard for the World Championship.
Nicky Morgan is the only senior Tory minister defending a marginal seat, in Loughborough. Elected in 2010, with a majority of 3,744. She became a Treasury minister in 2013 before being promoted to the Cabinet last year.
A straight guy friend of a gay teen has come up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Mark Selby is the first player to win back-to-back World Championship titles since Steve Davis in 1990 and 1991. He's also the first Englishman to do so since John Parrott in 1985, and only second after Davis (who won three times) behind Ronnie O'Sullivan (five).
Farage says he wants to work with Cameron, but not as PM. Farage is a racist and anti-Semite who hates Jews. He has no respect for the rule of law or democracy and would like to see Britain become an authoritarian state ruled by him.
Tony Abbott guzzled beer in seven seconds.
Garnet is a ghost town that's been abandoned for more than 100 years, but it's set to boom once again and become a new tourist mecca.
Bobbi Kristina Brown is in a medically induced coma. She has been in the hospital for nearly three months, and her condition remains unchanged.
Archaeologists have found a bronze whistle and a leather belt buckle at the 'Rising Whale' site in Alaska, which they believe to be from around A.D. 600 . The artefacts were made by people who lived on both sides of the Bering Strait, and may have been traded with other civilisations prior to 1492 .
Mohammed Emwazi was a British jihadi who joined ISIS in Syria and became known as Jihadi John. He planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia before going to Syria because two of his friends were killed, but changed his mind after being betrayed by fellow members of the group.
Russia is planning to exploit the threat of nuclear war to force Nato out of countries bordering Russia, it has been claimed. A secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war and will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region. Notes from the top secret meeting between American and Russian officials in Germany last month have reportedly been seen by The Times.
A grieving son was forced to dig his mother's grave after a council 'co-ordination error' meant work had not been done to the burial plot. Clint Gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside Brisbane to Wandoan in regional Queensland, only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes. Mr Gee planned...
Selby wins the China Open, beating Gary Wilson 10-2.
Stan Wawrinka was out of sorts in his first Masters quarter-final. Grigor Dimitrov is a worthy opponent for the Swiss No 2.
Police cars are parked in bus stops.
Tesco is encouraging its staff to dance in the aisles of Tesco stores.
Guide dogs are allowed in shops and restaurants.
The Tories are playing with fire by stirring up ill-feeling between Scotland and England in a way that will only fuel support for independence next year's Scottish Parliament elections.
The mansion is a luxurious backdrop for the hit show Empire . It's listed at $13 million and has failed to find a buyer since 2013.
Newcastle are in a relegation battle, but they have six cup finals to play. They need points and the fans will be behind them.
Skin cells attach to each other using tiny tubes that pull them together, like a zipper. This is how they interlock and heal wounds in the skin.
Google's latest tool can locate a phone simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' on Google's homepage. It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome . The phone's location is then pinpointed and clicking a 'Ring' button beneath the map will then remotely call it.
Don't always trust your sat nav and know the height of your vehicle. Unfortunate RTC today in the county. pic.twitter.com/ZqJ7l2x4Qy — Gloucestershire Road Police (@GlosRoadPolice) July 7, 2017
Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what 'normal usage' is. Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30% less energy than previous models . Apple boss Tim Cook said the Watch's 'all-day' battery life lasts 18 hours with 'typical use' - but official tests recently revealed this equates to just 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music. Apple defines the battery on its Watch page  and said a time check lasts four seconds . They use a third of the power of rival chips and tests have shown they are the lowest power microprocessor ever made.
Farage is a racist. He's also an idiot, and he should be kicked out of the party.
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 in Super League.
Plunkett is back in the England Test side and will be given a chance to prove his worth.
Balamuthia mandrillaris is a rare, deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba that can infect the skin, sinuses, brain and other organs of the body. It's not known how it spreads from person to person but there are no proven treatments for its infection. The amoeba has been found in Lake Havasu since 1993 .
Allan Donald has been appointed as the new bowling coach of South Africa. He will be paid a salary of $1m per annum, and he is expected to work with his predecessor Dale Steyn.
The priest was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats. The priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played Judas Iscariot, and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave.
Valencia have won their first two league games of the season, and are now in third place.
Hillary Clinton is running for president. She's a woman, and she's going to win or lose. But the stakes are high, so let her take care of it.
Robarge was convicted of second-degree murder for the death of his wife Kelly Robarge, who disappeared from her Charlestown home on June 27, 2013. He was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison.
The Texas Department of Motor Vehicles has banned a personalized license plate after three years attached to a swish Lamborghini. The Texan DMV is now threatening to cancel the plate in 30 days if it isn't removed .
Rodgers is right. Liverpool are not in crisis, but they need to be more consistent and work harder on the training ground.
Pietersen is no longer a great player and does not deserve to play in this summer’s Ashes series. The ECB have got to clear it up. Just make the decision and stop messing around because you’re creating a circus which is distracting everybody else.
The migrant crisis is a humanitarian disaster. The EU and its member states are responsible for the deaths of hundreds of people in the Mediterranean Sea.
QPR are taking a chance on Fer, who has not played since he injured his knee against Sunderland in mid-February. Ramsey hopes to have him back for Saturday's London derby at home to West Ham.
England were unable to force a win in Antigua, but the West Indies will be pleased with their efforts.
Iniesta was brilliant in the first half, but he's not a world-class player. He's still an excellent footballer and Barcelona have no reason to sell him.
Graves has made a mess of things.
Bradley Parkes attempted suicide after being bullied for months. He was saved by a teenage girl who performed CPR on him and called the police.
The cemetery staff were told to remove the items from the gravesite, but they didn't. The family was left with nothing and have been forced to start again .
The town council is still in the process of transferring ownership of three public toilets to Cornwall Council. The fourth block at the Town Quay will be closed for refurbishment and reopened within eight weeks, with visitors paying 20p per use to offset costs.
Canada's CF-18s have carried out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria.
The Royal baby is due to be born tomorrow, Wednesday April 23rd. The Duchess of Cambridge is already up to four days overdue with her second child - and her labour could now be induced this week, it was claimed today. The 33-year-old royal’s baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to actually be as early as Wednesday last week.
Tennessee's death row inmates have been put on hold while the state tries to find a new method of execution.
A 14-year-old boy who hanged himself five months after his mother lost her battle with cancer would wear his favourite bandana and spray his perfume round the house after she died. William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother, Alison Overton (pictured above with one of her sons), following her death from leukaemia. The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease .
The Kathmandu Valley's most famous temples and shrines have been badly damaged by the earthquake, but many others are still standing. The worst damage has occurred to the Shiva temple pagoda in Kathmandu's Durbar Square, which was destroyed along with its twin Narayan temple pagoda. Other notable structures include a surviving Boudhanath Stupa near Kathmandu airport; and a number of other Hindu holy sites around Nepal including Bhaktapur on the outskirts of Kathmandu; Patan in central Nepal where some buildings remain standing after years of restoration work thanks to foreign funding; and nearby Bhairahawa on an island off southern India where several ancient Hindu temples survive today.
Michelle Mone is selling her three-bedroom Lanarkshire home in order to buy her ex-husband out of the 'dream home' they once shared. The self-made multi-millionaire bought the Glasgow property off plan after splitting from husband Michael in December 2011. It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million .
A grandmother is facing a raft of serious charges after being involved in a severe car crash and failing a sobriety test at the crime scene. Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her luxury black BMW 5-Series into an .15 or greater blood alcohol content with minor in the car. She also refused to take breathalyzer test.
Ralph Body was fired for being too nice. He's now suing the building management and staffing company, Heatherwood Communities.
Kevin Blandford's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website Imgur . After posting the photos he wrote that he won a free trip to Puerto Rico but his wife was unable to join him. Kevin said 'a dedicated friend' took the photos that show him looking miserable during his holiday .
Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto was killed by a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan, according to the Italian government and American authorities.
Cheika is confident of a World Cup showing from his Wallabies, but he will be wary of England’s backline.
Hillary Clinton's campaign is taking a break from the road to get some TLC at a local car wash. The Secret Service agents are also getting their hair washed .
Sharky Jama, a young Australian model who was managed by FRM Management and lived in Melbourne , has reportedly been killed fighting with Islamic State. His death is being mourned on social media .
Sophia breaks down the process of how a baby is created in a cute way .
Argentina is a country that has been invaded by the UK, and it's not going to be happy about this. The Falklands are British territory, so they have every right to defend themselves.
Anne Faville was suffocated to death by her husband, Mark.
Stefania La Greca is a sexy candidate for the Lega Sud Ausonia party. She has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis on her Facebook page and defended them saying she was not using her looks to get votes.
The Airbus A380 is the world's largest passenger plane, and it has a lot of space. It can carry up to 1,000 passengers in economy class or more than 2,500 in business class . The aircraft was first introduced into service on October 19th 2009 , with its maiden flight from Toulouse-Blagnac Airport to New York JFK Airport .
The Church is a living, active force doing great works for the poor and homeless.
The Clinton Foundation is under fire for accepting money from foreign governments that it's not already in business with. The foundation has said it will stop taking donations from countries that have recently done work with the non-profit, but still plans to take money from governments it has recently partnered up with.
A conman stole a pensioner's entire life savings and used it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon.
The execution of a senior Islamist party official convicted of crimes against humanity has been condemned by the United Nations and human rights groups. The country's Supreme Court rejected his final legal appeal against the death sentence, which he received in May 2013 . Members of Qamaruzzman's family visited him yesterday afternoon for the last time, his lawyer Shishir Manir said.
A friend shot a mate in the back with a .270 rifle, and he's still alive.
The pukao were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the statues, some of which measure up to 40 ft (12 metres) tall.
Liverpool's Lucas Leiva is relishing the prospect of a Wembley appearance after injury robbed him of the chance three years ago. The Reds made three trips to the national stadium in 2012 after winning the League Cup and losing the FA Cup to Chelsea, but Lucas missed all of them with a serious knee injury sustained in November. But having played his part in Liverpool's 1-0 win at Blackburn, Lucas is hoping to get his chance in last-four encounter with Aston Villa on April 19.
The Duchess of Cambridge is a fashion icon and her style has been copied by many.
New Zealand is a country where it's legal to catch and release sharks. The shark is then released back into the ocean, but not before being photographed by tourists who have paid for the experience.
The stun gun is a firearm. It's illegal to have one in the UK, and it's also illegal to bring them back into the country.
A pony was beaten to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night.
Mario Gomez has poured cold water over suggestions he could join Barcelona in the summer by insisting he is content with life at Fiorentina. German ace Gomez has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp, however the 29-year-old insists even the lure of playing alongside the likes of Lionel Messi and Neymar could not tempt him away from...
A man was bashed by a family with glass bottles and windscreen wipers at a McDonald's drive-through after he waved at them thinking they were his friends.
The rapist who raped Gemma Redhead was released from prison and called her. He will not be released until 2023, serving his full jail term.
Absolutely Fabulous is back!
Brian Williams lied about being aboard a helicopter hit by an RPG in Iraq, and then told the truth.
The Model T was the first affordable car and it is still a popular choice for classic car enthusiasts today.
Periscope is a great app for sharing live video and audio online, but it's not without its risks.
A gym teacher in New Hampshire has been accused of posing as a young girl on social media and persuading an elementary school student to share inappropriate images of herself. Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich with prohibited use of computer. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity at the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia have been accused of spitting on veterans during a charity weekend. The students allegedly urinated on the American flag and threw beer bottles off their balcony.
A man swallowed hundreds of coins and other objects, including screws, nails and magnets. He was so desperate to eat them that he gulped down a nine hour operation to remove the rest.
Iran's youth is the most politically active segment of society in Iran, and it represents one of the greatest long-term threats to its current form of religious rule. The regime has failed to address basic socio-economic problems among young people, but they have influenced Iran's changing relationship with the U.S., which just came to preliminary nuclear agreement with Tehran .
Jamie Silvonek was sent to the county jail after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Blagojevich's hair is white.
South Africa is a country that has been plagued by xenophobia for years. The latest attacks are the result of a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers.
"I'm not a big fan of hashtags, I think they're just for people who want to be seen." "If you have a good idea and you can execute it well, then go ahead and use them. But if your idea is bad or if it's not going to work out in the end, don't use them."
Sterling is not going to Real Madrid at the moment, so where could he go better in England? Redknapp said that Sterling should stay at Liverpool and focus on his football rather than his contract.
Derby's late equaliser was a deserved one, but Brentford were unlucky not to have won it.
The Hawks are the best team in the NBA. The Nets have a chance to be good, but they're not going to make it out of the first round.
Louis van Gaal has delivered on his first-season aim of returning Manchester United into the Champions League.
Atletico Madrid's goalkeeper Jan Oblak is a big fan of Simeone and has been impressed by the Argentine. He was already in his first season at Atletico when he left Benfica for Madrid but now he looks to have been money well spent.
A prisoner in Oregon has been slapped with an extra 30 days behind bars - for dropping his trousers and flashing a judge. Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon when he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs. The outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Aldi worker helps elderly man home after stormy weather.
ISIS has released a video showing the beheading of three men accused of being Assad agents. The executioners are dressed in orange Guantanamo-style jumpsuits with their hands and feet chained, while they sit on an underground room. They are blindfolded and filmed in the back of a moving van before they are executed .
Choupette is the cat who got the cream.
Molly Parks overdosed on heroin and was found in the bathroom of a pizza restaurant with a needle still in her arm. She died days later.
The play is about a paedophile who was exposed in the media and has been portrayed by an impressionist.
Darren Bent has revealed an Aston Villa return this summer could be on the cards and discussions have taken place. The former England striker, on loan at Derby County, also said Villa were ‘100 per cent’ correct to sack Paul Lambert. Bent, 31, praised Tim Sherwood who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur , and opened the door on a shock continuation of his Villa Park career even after his contract expires in June .
Mandy Fortuna died from an overdose of Botox. The family is suing Allergan for negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act.
Zidane has revealed his admiration for Hazard, who is tipped to be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend.
The SNP is the least popular of all potential coalition partners, and voters are split on whether they want to see Ukip in power.
Nigeria's election is a triumph of the people over their elites. The country has been in crisis for too long, and now it will be able to move forward.
The ECB are in a mess. They’ve got to get it sorted out quickly or they will be left with no cricket at all for the next two years.
Don't try to 'detox' your body with charcoal, or use a spiraliser gadget to turn vegetables into spaghetti. Don't buy pre-biotic foods such as fermented cabbage and yoghurt from health food shops.
Nasa is looking to develop technologies that will allow humans to travel further into space, and possibly even beyond. The agency has selected a variety of companies for projects including faster methods of propulsion, which could get astronauts to Mars in just 39 days . Nasa also wants the technology used on these missions be reusable - so they can be brought back down safely if something goes wrong.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company successfully tested a vehicle that will take tourists into space. The test was conducted from the company's launch site in West Texas, and it took place on Thursday . Jeff Bezos' firm has long spoken of its desire to take paying astronauts into the cosmos.
Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season.
The Holy Week celebrations in the Philippines are a stunning display of religious devotion and emotion. The penitents, dressed in hooded cloaks and conical hats, march through streets while beating drums to mark the end of Jesus Christ's life .
Mulumbu has picked Chelsea wideman Eden Hazard for the young player of the year award while Tottenham striker Harry Kane is his pick for players' Player of the Year. Mulumbu's Team Of The Year: Hugo Lloris, Nathaniel Clyne, John Terry, Cesar Azpilicueta , Nemanja Matic and John Terry .
Celtic will not play a Saturday league fixture after the SPFL's announcement.
Clarkson's rant was a bit of fun, but it's not the first time he has made controversial comments about his former employers.
The Cazalet Chronicles is a six-book series set in the fictional world of Cazalet, an aristocratic family who live on the Scottish island of Loch Ness. The first book was published in 1937 and ended with a cliffhanger ending that left readers desperate to find out what happened next. The second book, which came out two years later, was titled A Matter of Honour and told how Lord John's son had been killed by his own men during World War II .
A seven-year-old British boy has fallen 160ft to his death from a cliff in the Alps after becoming separated from his family on a skiing holiday. He fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents . Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events, but they believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on Friday after leaving marked ski slope to look for his family.
The earthquake that hit Nepal on Saturday killed 18 people and injured more than 6,000. The avalanche was triggered by a 7.8 magnitude quake which struck the region at around 8:30am local time (11:30 GMT). It is believed to have been caused by an aftershock from the same fault line as last year's deadly earthquake in Nepal .
Ronaldo was sent off for diving, but Ancelotti wants the yellow card rescinded.
Messenger is about to make a death dive into Mercury. The probe will be in the planet's atmosphere for just over an hour before it crashes into its surface at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s). It will take Messenger up to two hours to reach the surface, where it will spend around 30 minutes on its backside before falling back down and burning up .
The dress is available online for just £80 and can be worn again rather than being stashed away.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, who receives £39,000 in benefits and her partner Robert are spending £10k on a lavish ceremony to renew their wedding vows.
The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. The school tweeted out a statement saying that 'decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression.' That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was 'a mistake' to call off the screening.
The family of Everybody Loves Raymond actor Sawyer Sweeten are said to be in 'absolute shock' at the child star taking his own life because he exhibited no suicidal warning signs, his manager said. Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday morning. His manager, Dino May, told Us Weekly there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs.
Eat a healthy diet, exercise regularly and drink plenty of water.
The legend of the livestock killing, vampire-like chupacabra is a myth.
Steve Miller wants to move in with overweight people and get them to lose weight. He believes this will help tackle Britain’s obesity crisis.
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow Prestwick Airport and Ibiza.
The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines.
A terminally-ill landlord whose dying wish was to marry his partner of 26 years saw their special day descend into farce after a series of blunders. Geoff Haigh, 61, from Oldham, Greater Manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home . But instead of having the magical day they had planned , the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly .
Badgers are not to be feared. They are a nuisance, but they can't bite you unless you provoke them. If they do attack, it's best to run away and call the police or animal control officer (who will come out and deal with the situation).
The defense says the confessions are made up, and that Hernandez is mentally ill. The prosecution says they're real.
Women in India are still afraid to report sexual harassment. We need to change that.
The Daily Beast's interview with Roseanne Barr is a must-read.
Mayweather and Pacquiao will earn a combined $300m (£186m) for their fight, but the pay-per-view figures are set to blow previous bouts out of the water.
Suma is a 36-year-old orangutan who has arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain . Suma underwent an examination by surgeons on Thursday and doctors found that her arthritis had progressed over two years .
Australian couple who abandoned a boy born in India were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless, new evidence shows.
Flakka is a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts. It has a strong odor like sweaty socks and it causes hallucinations and psychosis. The high lasts for about an hour, but users are left with the desire to use again .
Obama's executive order on LGBT workplace discrimination is in effect. The all-gender restroom opened as Obama's executive order on LGBT workplace discrimination came into effect . TL;DR: Obama's executive order on LGBT workplace discrimination is in effect.
Walsh's Facebook post was a call for violence against protesters in Baltimore, Maryland.
A man has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase at a Utah airport. The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. The chase then started on a public road near Salt Lake City International Airport on Monday at 3am.
Ted Koran is a former Air Force veteran who was put on hold by the VA helpline for 10 minutes and almost ended his life. He says he was told to call back if he needed help, but that didn't happen. Ted's wife Karen passed away from cancer six months ago and she had been suffering with depression since then.
A van carrying football fans veers from side to side on a busy road and crashes into the back of another vehicle. The driver loses control, sending one man flying off the roof and landing in a nearby field.
The DEA is investigating the disciplinary process following the accusations of sexual misconduct, and Holder wants to make sure that they are not allowed to continue working in government.
Suge Knight was arrested for the murder of Terry Carter and attempted to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan. The video shows him plowing into two men in his pickup truck . Suge Knight's attorney has said he will not be used as a snitch by prosecutors.
A pregnant woman who went into a coma woke up to learn she gave birth to a baby boy.
Fenerbahce's bus was attacked by a group of men who fired shots at the vehicle. The driver is in hospital with serious injuries and Fenerbahci are demanding that football be suspended until the perpetrators are punished.
Newcastle's players look dejected as Joe Allen celebrates scoring Liverpool's second goal at Anfield .
Griffiths is a man of his word. He's not allowed to eat anything on the bench, but he can have a biscuit.
Game of Thrones is a show about women. It's not just the men who die, it's also the women. The female characters are all strong and powerful, but they're also vulnerable - and that makes them more interesting to watch than their male counterparts.
Keurig Green Mountain has made $4.7 billion in revenue, and 1/3 of homes in the US reportedly feature single-serve coffee machines .
Real Madrid are four points behind Barcelona in the race for La Liga title. Isco is back in contention and James Rodriguez could return to action soon.
Paul Downton has been sacked as managing director of the ECB. The system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again. Make no mistake, sacking Paul Downton does not mean some magic wand has been waved and all will be well.
Eric Harris was shot dead by a reserve deputy after he allegedly tried to buy drugs and a gun from cops posing as dealers in the parking lot of a nearby dollar store. The suspect, who was black, had been arrested for drug possession and attempted murder . He died an hour later at hospital.
Scientists have found 50 galaxies that may contain intelligent alien races. These galaxies were found to be emitting ‘unusually high’ levels of radiation - possibly indicating ‘the presence of a highly advanced civilisation.’
Richie Sambora threatened to kill his former business partner Nikki Lund. The ex Bon Jovi guitarist is being investigated by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' her.
A 16-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her mother's boyfriend at a party. The mom is now defending herself on Twitter, claiming she had sex with the boy and that he was too big for her.
If you want to make your front garden greener, plant a tree, hedge and shrub. If you don't have space for a tree or hedge but do have room for some plants then try planting climbers in the ground.
The Super Slide is a 52-metre slide that runs way too fast in the wet. It's closed after heavy rain makes it slippery and dangerous.
We're all bullies.
Doctors can prescribe lethal medications to terminally ill patients who want them.
Freddie Gray died in police custody. He was arrested for a knife and had his leg cuffs removed before he was put into the van. Police have said that Gray should have been given medical attention at the scene of his arrest, but they did not provide any evidence to support their claim that he should have received it there.
The Chancellor is promising to double the number of first-time buyers getting on the housing ladder. He wants a 1980s-style property 'revolution' after years of declining home ownership.
This is the cutest thing ever.
The Grand Mosque of Abu Dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing. E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media – allowing customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home. For just the fraction of the price of a traditional 'holiday', the holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles and 'transports' them away on the e-trip of a lifetime .
McCall is right. The club can't afford to lose any more points and the manager has a point about Mohsni's discipline.
A man died at a swingers' party in Hertfordshire. He was found unconscious in the pool and CPR was performed on him by three men before he was pronounced dead. The police are investigating the death as a possible heart attack, but it is not yet known how long Mr Echukwu had been underwater or whether he had been drinking alcohol .
Benteke v Skrtel, Delph v Henderson and Sterling v Vlaar.
This is the most amazing dog trick ever!
The Department of Veteran Affairs has decided that the word Anzac is not allowed to be used in Australia. The department's decision was made after a review of all applications for permission to use the term.
A man shot himself outside of a courthouse in New Hampshire after being accused of sexually assaulting an underage student.
The Asian carp are invading the Great Lakes.
Muslims praying at half-time in a stairwell of Anfield.
Asian hornets are a threat to our honeybees. They can kill 40,000 bees in just a couple of hours and they build nests in trees where they can pick off single honeybees. If you see one, don't approach it as it will sting you badly if you do so.
Aguero is a star. He's also the best player in the world and City need him to stay.
The Yoaks say their aircraft is a 'celebration of our nation's armed forces' and that every aspect of the paint represents those who have served and those who gave the ultimate sacrifice.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever. Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer's, Debenhams and Laura Ashley, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause. This follows the first leg of the campaign which launched earlier this month .
Russia is testing the UK's defences. It's not a big deal, but it does raise questions about how much Russia really knows about our military capabilities and what they're doing to try and find out.
A paedophile with an obsession with small girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit. He is described as about 5ft 8ins tall, of a heavy build and dark hair. Officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving the hospital in Winchfield and have released images of him with both facial hair and a clean shave.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell has captured the surreal moment ocean foam explodes in the air.
Hughes' plan was to fly a gyrocopter over the Capitol and drop off letters. He did not get arrested, but he did land on the lawn of Congress.
A truck driver ploughed into a group of people who had stopped to help victims of an earlier crash. Four were killed instantly, and one later died in hospital from their wounds. Veronica Gonzalez (left) was herself badly injured in the incident, but her sister Ely Alba Gonzalez (right) survived with serious injuries .
Klopp is a good manager, but he's not the right man for City.
Tsarnaev was found guilty of 30 counts, including using a weapon of mass destruction and murder. He will be sentenced to death in the coming months.
The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa 'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged, according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker, which had been pursuing the ruined vessel named Thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in Antarctic waters, found themselves taking on the role of saviours when their boat's distress signals were sounded. 'What was incredibly strange was that the captain of the Thunder started applauding and cheering,' Captain Peter Hammarstedt told Fairfax media .
Chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season, but Stoke are yet to win at Stamford Bridge since 1995.
A tree fell on a car and killed the driver.
Karmel believes that children need to eat healthy food and not just sugar free, paleo or low carb foods. She also says she doesn't believe in fads and is against sugar free, paleo diets. 'I'm not into fads,' she said .
A black man was shot by a white police officer in South Carolina after he pulled over for a seatbelt violation. The video shows the shooting and Mr Police brutality has been going on for too long and there could be others like Walter Scott . I am not surprised that Walter Scott got shot.
The Liberal Democrats are a party of the rich and powerful, who use their offices for their own benefit.
Abalone divers die in California.
Wagner's Poultry Farm is a hell hole for hens, and the workers are in danger of falling into manure pits. Wagner's Poultry Farm has been inspected by government health officials twice since March but given the all clear . The farm was also visited by Animal Liberation Victoria activists who found sick and dying hens in cages that were so filthy they had to be removed from their caged home .
ISIS is now in control of the entire country, and they are killing anyone who opposes them. The US has been bombing ISIS for months, but it's not enough to stop their advance. They have killed hundreds of thousands of people since last summer and continue to do so today.
The Lord Chief Justice and the Lord Chancellor have found that a judge has fallen asleep during a trial. The Judicial Conduct Investigations Office (JCIO) is investigating the incident, which took place in Manchester Crown Court last summer. A retrial was ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time, it's believed that Cattan fell asleep while cross-examining one of his witnesses .
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College. They say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene.
Jellyfish are not as dangerous as they may seem, and can be easily treated with a little care.
Adam Johnson was arrested for sexual activity with a minor. He has been charged and is due to appear in court on March 3rd.
The Princes were fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change. They asked for fast food and got it.
The "Star Wars" Celebration is a big deal, and it's going to cost you. The event will take place in Anaheim on April 12-14, 2015. Tickets are available now for the three-day event at StarWarsCelebration.com .
A goat has given birth to a six-legged kid.
Charlie Adam's goal was a great strike, but the main thing for him is how his team perform next weekend.
Elijah is now able to hear for the first time thanks to a pair of specially-fitted hearing aids.
Jennifer Lopez is a fitness fanatic who loves to get her body in shape. She's also an avid fan of Elie Saab, and has been known to wear the designer's gowns on red carpets. Here are some ways you can emulate J-Lo's look: .
Chelsea are without a striker and have no fit strikers. They will be hoping to get back on track against Arsenal, who they beat at Stamford Bridge last season.
The red sky at dawn is a sign of the dragon slain by St George. The cloud formation in this image appears to be breathing fire, just like the legend says.
Two Alabama students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Panama City Beach.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled if nothing is found in the huge undersea area now being scanned for wreckage. Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on March 8 last year when MH370 disappeared . The expanded search will 'cover all high probability areas identified by expert analysis', Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said.
Luke Shambrook, 11, was found alive after he went missing from a Victorian campsite at 9.30am on Friday . He is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother Rachel (pictured left) Luke may not have even known he was lost and was known to frequently hide , according to his family . On Sunday, search co-ordinator Acting Senior Sergeant Andrew Walker said Luke had a 'very high pain tolerance', a factor that would work in his favour.
ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir has overtaken NBC's Nightly News in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years.
The plant produces paraxylene, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics. It was the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months . The fire is under control , but authorities are still investigating what caused it .
Leicester have been playing well, and Pearson has adapted his tactics to suit the players. They are now taking more chances, and Cambiasso is a key player in their revival.
Hillary Clinton is a woman. She's also the first female presidential candidate in U.S. history, and she'll be running against Donald Trump, who has been accused of sexual assault by more than a dozen women -- including one who says he groped her at his Mar-a-Lago resort in 2005 when she was just 23 years old (he denies it).
Hackers took control of a Facebook page and posted pornographic images.
The best steak cuts are the ones that have a good marbling and strong flavour. The T-Bone is one of the most tender steaks, but it's also quite expensive . Filet mignon is a cut taken from the heart of beef tenderloin.
The storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few days - while the North East enjoys balmy spring weather.
Floriane de Lassee's photos of cities that never sleep are beautiful and moving.
A long-lost photograph of a relative is found by an enterprising granddaughter.
Verbruggen is not going to resign. He's just trying to protect his reputation and the UCI from a public relations disaster.
A school headmistress stole thousands of pounds from a fund to pay for new school kit. She was caught when the council received an anonymous letter saying she had been stealing from the fund. The money was repaid in full last month, but Rutty avoided jail today by pleading guilty to theft and paying back £3,500 into her own bank account.
The EU is planning to send only 5,000 refugees who survive the perilous journey to Europe. The rest will be sent back as 'irregular migrants' under a new rapid return programme coordinated by Frontex.
Nicola Sturgeon is a liar. She wants to be Prime Minister, but she will not work with the Tories under any circumstances.
Burnley, Leicester and Everton are the big three in the Championship. Burnley have been brilliant this season but they need to get a result against Newcastle on Sunday if they want to stay up. They will be disappointed with their draw at home against Swansea as it was a good performance from them but not enough for an away win.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following a bus attack on their team bus. The club said they consider it 'unacceptable' that blood ran and football was silenced after an away match at Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig. Fenerbahce midfielder Mehmet Topal told Sky News: 'We cheated death.
Nick Clegg is a liar. Cyril Smith was a Liberal Democrat MP and the party's whip for four years in Parliament, but he did not belong to the Lib Dems at that time. Nick Clegg is a liar.
A man lost control of his vehicle and crashed through a fence at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto, killing two people. The driver was taken to a hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
The BlinkNow Foundation is a nonprofit organization that supports and grows the Kopila Valley Children's Home in Nepal.
A pensioner allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend after the young couple started arguing following their daughter's first birthday party.
Candlestick Park was a great place to play football, and it's gone now. But the memories of some of the greatest moments in sports history will live on forever.
Raul Castro, the first Hispanic governor of Arizona, died on Friday morning. He was 98 years old.
Randy Lerner is a great owner, he's not going to be at the final. He'll be in his office watching it on TV.
Ronnie Carroll, a former Eurovision contestant running for parliament, died two days ago. He was 80 and had contested elections before. Due to stand as an independent candidate he was listed on the ballot paper as 'The Eurovisionary Carroll'.
A lawsuit filed by a former fiancee seeks to prevent the destruction of frozen embryos created through in vitro fertilization.
Kelsi Langley is lying about Davon Durant's alleged assault. She has been arrested and charged with domestic violence, but she now says that the bruises on her neck were not from a beating . The 19-year-old woman said that during her interview with police after the March 7 incident, officers asked questions that were 'almost suggestive.'
Police officer Michael Rapiejko was driving his patrol car when he ran into a suspect who had been walking down the street in Marana, Arizona. The suspect pointed what appeared to be a rifle at the police vehicle and shot it out of its holster. Police then opened fire on Valencia as he lay on the ground, killing him .
Jose Mourinho has decided to promote one of Chelsea's youngsters next season.
The fires are being deliberately started by children. The fire service is stretched to breaking point and the cost of fighting them has risen close to £500,000.
French coach driver had to perform a U-turn on a narrow slipway in Dartmouth, Devon  (file picture of River Dart in Dartmouth)
